what do petrologists no what do unstable isotope studies indicate?
what is the second level of territorial division in poland no make that the basic unit of territorial division in warsaw?
juvenile platyctenids no wow which genus lack tentacles and sheaths?
when a pathogen is met again scratch that i mean long-lived memory cells are capable of remembering previous encounters with what?
what led to the duke of cumberland's rise to power as military advisor sorry no newcastle's?
did julia butterfly wait how long did julia butterfly hill live near a nuclear-missile installation?
when was frankfurt ranked as the 22nd most liveable city in the world, no sorry it was warsaw?
what is the name of the number theory, or rather, the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
who represents instead how about which group sets the time agenda?
what geometric er when three forces act on a point particle, what happens?
what profession does irena bajerska no zbigniew marek have?
what type of wages does equipment for labor no the mechanization and automation lead to?
what type of impact or uh entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology?
why does what does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain?
what percentage of parisian residents died of the plague in 1361 no venice residents?
what is the result of no no i mean what is the effect of beta decay?
what kind of organs do ctenophores or no make that do some sponges have?
how did the party overthrow the elected government in 1985 no i mean 1929?
how no sorry in what year did fresno get its first pedestrian mall?
what are or actually who were the main detractors of the humoral theory of immunity?
which theorem, oh wait, what is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not?
what is a fundamental no is another function that primes have that the number 15 does not?
when was um no why do oceanic plates and mantle convection currents move in opposite directions?
below what levels were the projected sea levels in the 2007 or no make that the 2001 ipcc projection?
who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber no not this i want to know who disagrees with the timetable of business in the chamber?
which building was vacated three times to allow for the meeting of the general assembly hall or no rather of the church's general assembly?
what skills, no, what career does joseph stiglitz have?
what is another name for state route 41 or no 168?
what was written by henry david thoreau or sorry ghandi in 1819? "," what was referenced err i mean written by ghandi in 1819?
who deployed its army into afghanistan in 1979 no sorry not afghanistan but in iraq?
what cells are the second arm of the innate immune system or rather innate cells can act as mediators in the activation of what branch of the immune system?
what institution no um publication printed that the wealthiest 1% have more money than those in the bottom 99%?
what is the name of the park in reedley er uh better atascadero?
when was the settlement which would become warsaw established no not that but when was the masovian duchy reincorporated into the polish crown?
in what decade did the des moines college or no make that the u of c affiliate with numerous national colleges?
which percentage of households in jacksonville have more than no sorry have only one person?
how much did the clergy no do estimations of the population during the plague vary?
there's a tributary border between switzerland and what other country formed by the rhine no a rough?
which is or no make that what is not a form of immunological memory?
in what month in 1347 no um 1349 did the second wave of the plague reach england?
how does no actually what increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level?
what chinese system did mongols no the kublai's government not compromise with?
how many avulsions have occurred in upland areas or actually just the past 6000 years?
what question has not led to consequences uh alternatively criticism?
which is or no make that what is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings?
which or rather what probiotic flora is found in unpasteurized yogurt?
what is  packet or uh circuit switching?
when is or actually tell me when did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of poland?
what occurs er what is the rarest cause of poor immune function in developing countries?
what can non-profit trusts and societies do no no wait what does poor academic achievement lead to according to critics?
what castle currently concerts er uh houses the centre for ujazdow art?
what did the 2001 er uh 2007 ipcc report suggest had been decreasing?
did davies and baran propose uh instead collaborate at any point after they both developed this concept?
which is or no rather what is another type of public key cryptography algorithm?
what state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding private schools no no i mean religious schools?
what philosophy er what did neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from?
why is the seating arrangement no no no the second minister, scottish cabinet ministers and whom sit in the front row in the debating chamber?
why is the holocene not shown clearly on the first scale or uh timeline?
what tool do they use in private school to maintain discipline, oh sorry that was supposed to be public schools?
what did the ongoing upper rhine uh rather alpine orogeny cause before the eocene?
in 2008 what was the total of grants awarded from harvard no uh 2009?
what has it now become possible let me rephrase what is now possible regarding dating isotopes while using fossils?
why is no why aren't the examples of bouregois architecture visible today?
csnet no no i meant global internet was help funded by what foundation?
what photographer uh no comedian is also a university graduate?
public and private funding led to what program no um development?
how did the black death make it to the mediterranean and america oops i mean europe?
what collection no sorry i mean which university's library system has over 10 million volumes?
what is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is binding no i mean processed in to peptides?
what does civil disobedience require in christian bay's encyclopedia sorry no rebellion?
what type of network does arpanet no make that sita hln not use?
what gets smaller when a number is global ummm prime?
after which decade did ludwig mies van der rohe excuse me i mean modern styles give way to gothic styles on campus?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization that prime numbers no goldbach's conjecture has inspired?
what period er how did the rhine extend watershed southward?
what response er like system gives an organism long lasting immunity against a pathogen?
when did no what year did hoesung lee become president?
how did  sorry what was intent of celeron's expedition?
what happens when tyrosinase is expressed at normal, scratch that, low levels?
what helpser er what do partnering and construction management emphasize for the design-build process?
what is the deterrent no main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedience?
which or rather what are the first buildings the university built knows as today?
what does er uh what debate lasts for 55 minutes?
what do  no what is the group called that does not agree with government at all?
brownlee argues opposition or maybe disobedience can be justified toward what institutions?
building printing is being researched or rather making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in what amount of time?
the rhine joins no um forms the border between liechtenstein no um austria and what other country?
what provides respiratory tract secrete antimicrobial peptides no um chemical protection to pathogens?
what was er when was zia-ul-haq born?
which timeline is further expanded in the second scale or make that the fourth scale?
what network was directed no designed by the french?
how  is packet switching characterized no wait just tell me how much bandwidth is dedicated for each communication session?
how was the no uh make that when was  the gerald ratner athletics center constructed?
what type of rates, uh no, actually i want to ask what decreases with the increase of income inequality?
what was or make that who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war i?
colonialism is no imperialism is confused with what other term?
which or no make that what animal sometimes swims in the rhine?
which organization covers the cost of the prime-minister sorry i mean president of the ipcc?
secular arab nationalism was blamed for both the defeat of arab troops as well as what type of stagnation no sorry secular arab nationalism blamed for in addition to it's success?
when did the roman empire accept as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine make that fall?fall?
what type of math was advanced during the yuan no sorry which type wasn't advanced during the yuan?
when was no how many years could separate outbreaks of the black death?
what the marginal luxury sorry utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes poorer?
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757, sorry, 1775?
what was or what declined when arab nationalism suffered?
how many er what techniques did chinese medicine include?
what is the system um mechanisms do many species not utilize?
what is the most distinctive feature of cnidarian er sorry ctenophora?
when did the song dynasty begin, oh no the jin dynasty actually, when did it begin?
what does the wg i summary for policymakers report say increased greenhouse gases cause or rather human activities are doing to greenhouse gases?
how did no where did charles de gaulle and the free english run operations during world war 2?
what kind of focus has the ethical reasoning program had since 2008 wait uh 2007?
which are older than the rocks themselves, what foreign bodies occur igneous rocks ?
what kind of measurements describe the proportionality of acceleration force to mass make that define accelerlations?
which organizational structure remained no just two codes were the roles of pharmacists destroyed?
how much or uh how many more flows carry insignificant amounts of water?
what chambers sorry i mean members typically open debates?
why is there not a push for the u.s. to reduce prescription no consumer drug costs?
when did austria uh nevermind uh england formally end war on france?
what is the dutch rather french name for the rhine?
how is or no rather what is malum in se considerations?
what are the over 118 clubs run by religious groups no students at the u of c called collectively?
what degree uh what fields have lost influence over pharmacy in the united states?
what is the maximum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that permits umm rather allows a physician in austria to give out medicine?
how was no what is the confusion of the french and indian war?
what are ctenophores and cnidarians classified as no change that to where does the jelly-like layer come from in complex animals?
how do or no rather what do public schools operate outside of in germany?
when do scratch that what do mesoglea adapt to when relying on brackish water?
name the cytokines responsible for communication between red no rather white blood cells?
what are analog models often considered as compared to horizontal layers of sand, no sorry, of orogenic wedges?
what does cilia mean in greek no ctenophore?
when was the blockade or uh  divestment from south africa movement?
the needs of who will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet?
25' hold on 28' is the minimum size of what?
what feature performs no no sorry what patrols the body looking for phagocytes?
who devised oh no lead the school back to leading research institution in 20th century?
what types of treatment oops no make that what medications carried by specialty pharmacies?
which or no make that what relationship do finance initiatives involve?
which is the no rather what is the name of the american writer and satirist who is also a university alumni?
who does thebes actually no who does sophocles defy?
what fluids are pathogens wait no enzymes found in no not?
how did colonialism, not that, i mean, imperialism expand and what was its transport method?
what issues were not addressed in the treaty of the atlantic, oops make the the treaty of aix-la-chapelle?
there were many mongols with what social power no no dang it expected status?
what city has districts with no powiat entitlements no change that to besides a commune, what else does a car have?
when was um what, rather than islamism, requires explanation?
what is one part of how long was it clear how nk cells recognized tumors?
with common er what continues until the building is well established and recognized?
what was logstown's response i mean how did the natives there take celeron's information?
how do firms or rather why do firms substitute equipment for workers?
how does no make that what do isolated, spaced out graves of plague victims indicate?
when did hu sihui die no wei yilin?
public bill committees developed no they have been set up to do what?
question n/a
where do or tell me which group do jellyfish and sea anemones belong to?
what stature did physicians i mean pharmacists have in the pre-heian imperial court?
when less workers are required, what happens to the worker or uh job market?
what secretes pathogens that reduce, no wait, enhance the host's immune response?
who ended or rather what is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty?
what occurs when pauli repulsion no electron clouds overlap from different atoms?
how did no who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 19th century no mid-18th?
what do or instead first where do platycenida live?
what issue has been attacking or rather plaguing the civil disobedience movement?
when was the rule of no scratch that who had no real military power during the yuan?
along with no what might the fees to attend an irish boarding school rise to?
how is no what is another way to state the condition that infinitely many rows can exist only if a and q are coprime?
where does no how do centripetal forces act in relation to vectors of velocity?
what is i mean what did the aser report show about how people feel about private schools?
what do vegetarians incorporate into their own tentacles, i'm sorry i mean what do pleurobrachia incorporate?
despite periodic repression, the brotherhood has become one of the most influential movements in the islamic world and the brotherhood was the only opposition group outside of egypt able to do what during elections?
what protects eh maybe what is the main component of the aboral organ?
what did  no how much funding did the rand corporation receive?
what city is close to vistula street, i mean park, what park it close to it?
how long after  being installed as the emperor no a banquet with tugh temur did kusala die?
which languages used the phags-pa script or rather which languages rejected it?
what experiences er what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added?
who didn't abercrombie replace as captain errmm rather commander in chief?
civil disobedience does not only include what thought actually behavior according to cristian bay's encyclopedia?
what area is the mediterranean revival style no not that i mean the tower district similar to in architecture?
why did er what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the home army fighters in 1944?
what or no make that which theorem can be simplified to the lasker noether theorem?
how does or no make that how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have?
where did france lose a war in the 60's, oh actually in the 1940's?
what time does the presiding officer no the msps normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day?
what kind of cuticle er like barrier does not protect organisms from infection?
where do er what are some small pharmacy management companies?
what did um when was al-nimeiry overthrown?
who stated or who ordered the stern review?
in which century by what term is a type of advocacy of empire known no do most consider the beginning of imperialism?
what government er building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture?
cnidarians or no make that sponges have three main cell layers and no what?
of what form are sophie germain primes or rather just what is the name of another type of test where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?
what construction sector are large public works, dams, bridges, highways, water/wastewater and utility distribution under ?
what kind er what cells are the second arm of the innate immune system?
what flows er what year was st. elizabeth born?
what difficulties was johnson no shirley having?
when would there be no movement or acceleration no remove this and tell me when would an object move because the applied force is opposed by static friction?
how long does flagella no sorry cilia get?
if the presiding officer er uh parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill, what does it then proceed to?
what helps er who's services do construction services integrate through design and construction?
when did no no um during what period was the tethys floor discovered?
how many bits are typically used in the rsa and 1024-bit wait hold up no key exchange logarithms for for the diffie-hellman key exchange?
what kind of diseases i mean disorders are the result of an overactive immune response?
parliament ugh instead residents in the governing party introduce what laws?
who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in new york or make that in the u.s?
what seas have phytoplankton accidentally been released into, oh make that copepods?
during what years was the model united nations team ranked first in north umm rather south america?
what city, well area actually, remained uninhabited for thousands of years?
what is heralded by the chamber i mean the sounding of the deciding bell?
europe first colonized the americas, then asia, but what continent was fourth umm i mean third?
which percentage of no make that what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012?
what book of the bible is recognized no publicly no is knowledge of the law traced back to?
what dynasty or uh who was shi tianze's father?
in what year did john d. rockefeller err rather robert harper become the first president of the university?
since what year did the program or rather university offer a doctorate in cinema & media studies?
in addition to endowments and tuition, how do private schools or rather boarding schools cover their operating costs?
who was shi bingzhi's uncle ah darn i meant shi tianze's?
what must  no what is an example of a peer-reviewed resource?
how many intercollegiate sports does oxford or rather harvard compete in ncaa division i?
in the fall quarter of 2015 or rather of 2014, how many students signed up for the university's professional schools?
what kind of microorganism no no wait what kind of cell is not an innate leukocyte?
theories on idealism don't use which country as a model no imperialism?
when was, or actually tell me who came up with the theory of relativity?
what is the standard model no the strongest main interaction?
what i mean who rejected an index of health and social problems?
which organizations delegates has an agreement with the spm no a disagreement with the spm?
how did the no make that what did the velvet revolution hope to accomplish in india?
what did higher material living wait i mean what increases rapidly as per capita income increases?
who runs the wmo or no make that the unep council?
what has the tendency is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions?
which is the no make that what is the name of an integer in which addition, subtraction, and multiplication are defined?
how many museums oops rooms does the katyn historical museum have?
how well, or rather, what was tugh's japanese-style name?
what enzyme is a sorry i meant not an antibacterial?
what is the process excuse me the virus in humans that causes cervical cancer?
how many er the strong force is due to the exchange of what?
what place which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire?
germany had a no scratch that didn't have an imperialistic future until when?
when was no what century was south africa established as a country?
in what two age groups is the strength of the thymus hmm no uh immune system reduced?
what was twigg's conclusion no rather shrewsbury's conclusion?
excessive bureaucratic red tape is one of the reasons for excessive control no no i mean for what type of ownership?
previous to isotopic dating sections of materials or uh rocks had to be dated using fossils and stratigraphic correlation relative to what?
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5,7, or 8, how many primes would be in a wrap i mean progression?
what have or what percentage of filipino primary school students are in private schools?
where did friedrich ratzel no halford mackinder work?
what does pumping in regular brackish uh instead seawater do to its bulk?
what is diocles of carystus, sorry the pedanius dioscorides and what is it not known for?
galileo, wait, newton was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling what?
why has or uh what was a major failure, especially in the building of warsaw?
in which or no make that what century was quantum mechanics made?
what is the conventional method to measure lake constance or no make that the rhine?
when was khan no uh make that dali conquered by the yuan?
which is or no make that what is one function that prime numbers have that 15 does not?
who didn't george er uh dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory?
which no make that what arose in the latest vertebrates?
how umm rather when did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur?
when does no how does inequality prevent growth?
what position uh sorry what was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the warm war?
when does lek change no wait what does the lek change its name to?
who did abilene partner with no no not abilene but internet2?
how did the yuan suppress like what religion did he discourage to support buddhism?
what does laboratory no um an optical microscopy identify about individual locations?
how many years have annexing or no make that have imperialistic practices existed?
what modern form of travel brought visitors to florida other than the steamboat?
which part of china had mongols uh rather people ranked lower in the class system?
what is the chinese i mean japanese name for the yuan dynasty?
in order to be considered in the bottom uh first tell me about the top percentile, a person would need to amass how much money each year?
which plague was part of no scratch that the black plague ravaged europe for three years followed by what country?
where is no make that who is miasta has the power of legislative action?
which park hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the east coast no no the west coast rather?
where are immune system no specialized cells not located?
for how many years had sea levels been studied in the 2001 report no temperatures?
when first has harvard topped the academic rankings of world universities?
when was no no what year was the university of warsaw established?
what led to loudoun's i meant to say newcastle's fall from power as military advisor?
the prospect sorry what percentage of german students attended private schools in 2008?
how does or no rather what does heavy and civil engineering construction not do when managing projects?
how does no make that what does packet switching pre-allocate?
which or no make that when forces are at right angles to each other what can they be broken down to?
after the doctrine of satyagraha dang it no the peterloo massacre what poet wrote the massacre of anarchy dang it no the peterloo massacre?
what are the elements from the rift system in the alpine orogeny in southeastern or wait southwest germany?
in what century did all of the dead branches dry up no sorry i mean when the amount of forests on the flood plain increased?
how many days does it take to develop how many classes of immune hypersensitivity are there?
who did duke yansheng kong duanyou moved no flee with?
what site uses x.25 or make that udp?
who normally manages an infrastructure no a construction job?
what was g\\u00fcy\\u00fck no um kublai khan's relation to ogedei khan?
who was ugh no what nationality is hoesung lee?
what behavior causes antiforms or uh sorry rocks deeper in the earth to fault instead of folding?
what city's no religion's schools were integrated into new zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984?
what type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine no sorry what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its direction?
who did the han chinese want to help the khitan no i mean the mongols fight?
what is the mouth no the delta in the rhine delimited in the east by?
what commemorates heroic city no warsaw's heroic history?
what do lobates run or uh feed on?
when did newcastle no um england formally declare war on france?
where was when was al-banna born?
when did west africa take back building the english empire no the french republicans?
how or no rather can a packet be sent empty?
what is the length of rheinkilometer conventionally measured in no hoek van holland?
what topic do private bills typically have or wait tell me what public bills normally refer to in a large-scale?
what do exemptions require no come from that prevent bad things?
what year did they stop digging the pannerdens canal no no tell me what do the waal and the nederrijn-lek discharge through?
how is no in what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced internal forces?
in what year did joseph williard i mean henry ware die?
what was the, or better yet, what year did jacksonville consolidate with davis county?
who led in the seven year's war, oh actually, who led the new france reinforcements in 1756?
what other instead what was causing new france to have issues with resupplying?
what is one of the largest medical or rather music schools in krakow?
what utilization no no make that percentage of filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools?
x.75 oops i mean x.25 and x.121 allowed what to happen?
after ww-ii where, sorry who along with russia supported post ww-ii communist movements?
how was the event covered when thoreau wait no jews were arrested by tax collectors?
who is the economist no vice-chair of the ipcc?
what happens to the krill or er the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia?
what water has warm urgh instead  cold green waters?
the australian tax office used austpac for which or no make that what reason?
how or no make that what characteristics did the common ancestor of lagerstatten have?
what have er when did the philippines start teaching english at the primary level in public school?
what does uh theaters no autumn host many of?
where wasn't or actually how many resources was france not placing in north america?
what was oh i mean wasn't germany's central interest?
which country was uh no what isn't the confusion of the french and indian war?
when was allahabad no um iqbal elected president of the muslim league?
how did or no uh make that when did the so called gentlemen's agreement between sadat and the islamists break down?
what sector or uh building construction is usually further divided into what categories?
the scotland act 2002 extends the parliamentary no the devolved what?
of what form do prime numbers, oh no, i'm sorry i mean, fermat numbers take?
the most common cause of injury on site is what?
when people no how are the certain costs which are easy to avoid shared?
what percentage of british children are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools no scratch that and tell me what percentage of children educated in scotland are at independent schools?
what city er where had the mongol capital been before kublai moved it?
what is qed or rather where are photons the fundamental exchange photon?
what period came after the yuan dynasty, oh gosh, i mean what illegitimate dynasty came after it?
how did chinese medicine stay in one place no no tell me how it spread?
whose needs will the pharmacy no the growth in pharmacy informatics damage?
how was the civil disobedience portrayed by oedipus no no  how is civil disobedience shown not by oedipus but is shown in antigone rather?
what is the source or rather process by which the immune system identifies tumors called?
what's the utilitarian principle ugh no i mean the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes richer?
where is the or no rather what is the largest city directly linked to an interstate?
what is the average width or wait discharge of the moselle to the rhine?
in south africa, along with privately governed schools, what churches no schools are classified as independent?
what was presented to the scottish parliament by the queen in 1999 no wait in 1989?
who proposes that the general election no scratch that who proposes that the date of the poll never varies?
can the node ever transfer oh no that should be can acquire the wrong connection id?
which theory argued no no hmm um suggested people in the tropics were civilized?
what part did no i meant how many chapters have coordinating lead authors?
who funded i mean benefited from csnet?
where did two of dremark's no oppman's daughters set out on a journey through?
some theories argue that the legal system or no make that civil disobedience is justified in regard to?
which regime no american did not show changed the views of romanians during the cold war?
what's one or like uh instead persistent unemployment has what effect on long-term economic growth?
there are direct contractual links between what or rather who?
when did, oh sorry, where is ekstraklasa's home venue located?
who is, or rather, which ipcc sessions are open to everyone?
what ethnic group no in what city or the arabs the twelve largest ethnic group?
what sin er which leaders did the islamic extremists not attack?
how many statocysts no i mean rows of combs are there?
when was the fln instead fis founded?
what is the name of another type of probabilistic algorithms no the modern algorithm test?
who is the final judge opps uh is to blame for acting unjustly?
what army did russia no no um sorry germany successfully defend itself against?
the east or no make that the west saw themselves as what compared to the east?
the presence or  absence of who no i mean of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found?
whose puppet in the gulf war inadvertently rather did islamists accuse the saudi regime of being?
such laws are usually considered to be what type no sorry such protests not laws?
what terminology could be used, if the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court ?
how many of the duke's no the pitt's planned expeditions weren't successful?
how umm i mean\u007f when had the brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals?
a balance velocity no a force accelerates what?
where did er in what country is hamburg?
are the sizes of network bandwidths variable, oh actually, the size of the packets?
how significant was the transfer of disease through rats no sorry fleas rather?
what effect did the plague have on the egypt sorry the middle east?
who articulated that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience?
when was er who chartered the british east india company?
what has the presence of hox genes believe that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what been the focus of for many years?
why do no uh who was one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience against?
what did george carlin tell the city council to do in new hampshire no sorry what did he send to the city council?
how are networks no make that packets delivered differently?
how does the jihadi terrorists no the ht strive to give up power?
when was the ipcc no the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation (srren) issued?
what organization no who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority?
who argued er who was the leader of russia in the 1960's?
what did or actually when was the tower theater closed?
who was er what did warsz own?
to whom did william smith submit the map no sorry william maclure not smith?
what did missionaries, uh sorry, in what year was the south african schools act passed?
what was fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric chopin no no um wola no maria curie the first female recipient of?
during what period did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich no not that what period was it no longer a popular destination for the rich?
who sorry i mean what tends to lead to less money?
when large instead name one way the plowshares organization temporarily close gcsb waihopai?
what is the legal boundary behind the strasbourg, no wait, the high and upper rind?
which organization faithfully summarized the tar or no make that the wgi report?
what is the most, or actually, what makes the method of primality more efficient?
when did the chao or rather the yuan begin to use bronze printing plates for its money?
what did the montreal protocol try to address no no the kyoto protocol?
what was er where did french fur trappers travel?
where no i mean what country has low income inequality and high presence of unions?
how can any branch be a field of f no um knot?
what is the longest river in luxembourg sorry germany?
what encouraged, uh, what was the yuan's persian enemy?
what does cnidarians no i mean ctenophora use for digestion and respiration?
how often do tentacles originate no does plankton need to feed?
what was the name of  the person who led the attack of the french colony in 1565?
how did oops actually tell me between what boundary did herodotus travel?
who led newcastle um uh new france reinforcements in 1765?
evolution of which or no make that of what part of the immune system occurred in the evolutionary ancestor of jawed vertebrates?
where can you find cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere like which museum specializes in that?
what permits no public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience?
what percent of the european population did the black death kill?
what attracts a matching helper t cell or no rather a matching helper b cell?
what was er what did the number of legions in roman times depend on?
who lost  no what work was completed at dartmouth?
why did yuan's successors win control of the rest of the mongol empire, oops kublai's successor?
i'm asking how much no what does the nederrijn change it's name to?
when did uh what do some believe the treaty of versailles assisted in?
what is a parasite that always uses the same host cell, oh sorry, the same surface protein?
what co-receptor actually no i mean what allows ions, water and toxins to exit the target cell's membrane?
what was the no no when was james hutton born?
which khanates or instead tell me what was the yuan's unofficial state religion?
what development has the university of chicago or no make that the university of biological physics played a lead role in?
what impacts gender inequality in wages or rather what is very important for the growth of the economy?
what sea er where do two thirds of the rhine flow inside of germany?
in cases with shared medium when does no how is it delivered?
what method or rather function is related to basel numbers?
when was the house of commons disqualification act or make that the british nationality act passed?
which or rather what guidelines are used for ipcc reviews?
which year or no make that what year was the typographical error first corrected?
colonialism means sorry never means a country doing what?
what did article 12 of the second polish republic uh no allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from?
who besides er when was isiah bowman appointed to president wilson's inquiry?
which matters or rather who matters the least for economic growth?
who invented no um developed the lithium-ion battery?
what is said about civil disobedience in modern times,?
how many no sorry how big can ctenophora grow?
what exists between democratic no between fundamentalist islamism and non-reformist islamism?
by what means is advocacy usually administered, no i mean imperialism ?
what is the something that wait what happens to the gravel found in xenoliths?
what is the complex net or uh sorry exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties?
the campus has no the second buildings of the u of c are known as what?
what was, or rather, the north saw the south as what?
what kingdom annexed vienna uh rather warsaw in 1796?
in 2011 oh i mean 2012, roughly how much was it to pay for a child in a new york city day school per year?
why didn't or no rather who didn't use imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire?
what is the metric counterpart or rather term less used than the newton?
by which or no make that by what method did maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals?
why is er what do anarchists feel they must accept as a consequence of their actions in breaking the law?
what were, no actually tell me, what did basset analyze before coming to his conclusions?
when or no rather who wrote that imperialism is the lowest stage of capitalism?
what do politicians no no imperialists pass on to the indigenous populations?
what kind of fault, i mean unit changes its volume?
what political group ended no began to lose support following the corruption scandals?
when did the time come ugh no no what did the salafi movement put emphasis on?
who's presence is highly likely even in small projects no not in small projects but in the initial bid?
what is one country that has been suggested for importation of drugs or make that medicines?
what are begun or uh established at the end of each parliamentary session?
where do or like instead what do clinical pharmacists often participate in?
what are or instead what does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages?
how many layers of protection are provided by the mother or rather the father?
who is the no make that what is the largest eon?
where was there a weakness i mean what plans of the british didn't this attach on oneida carry set back?
in which direction does the east side of fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway no no the west side rather?
what does iraq i mean the islamic state lack from the international community?
who sorry, what was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army?
what is one type of public no i mean private key cryptography algorithm?
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was freed no arrested?
what are uk election no mps unable to vote upon?
pushing on an object on a frictional surface can result in what no pulling?
political advantage no disadvantage is an attribute of which state policies?
informal imperialism is still dominant; however, which or no actually less what?
what ermm i mean who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity?
prior to the arrival of the french, who was no wait the area now known as jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people?
which arts no sorry um what dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the yuan?
in what country does the the rhine empty, sorry i meant where does the danube empty?
what type or like which fresno district is the center for the lgbt community?
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5, 7, or 8, how many wraps would be in a modulo 9 uhh no i mean progression?
the word economic no imperialism has it's origins in which modern language?
when did or no rather who created an index of health and social problems?
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have started what colonial power i mean system?
what city later became khanbaliq no beijing?
what can not be distinguished from foreign substances by the antigens no the immune system?
what governor in charge of the ohio territories oops new france died in 1752?
what interfered with kublai's second invasion of burma erm japan?
what is not or rather included with each packet label?
besides confucianism, buddhism, and islam, what literature er instead religions were tolerated during the yuan?
what is er rather which set of countries have lower economic mobility than the united states?
what is one way the current ipcc responds to old no i meant new evidence quickly?
where is no in what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type?
what umm traits or no properties are there in crystals?
tumors that are able to evade the body's cells, i mean immune response, can become what?
what must a job or umm no a project adhere to?
what year was fort caroline no i mean fort san mateo reconstructed?
in which or no make that in what century was apartheid abolished?
what prompted fielding h. garrison no shen kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains?
what is the name of mersenne no the um one type of prime where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?
how did no uh make that what did abu al-rayhan al-biruni base his writings on?
when did ariq b\u00f6ke invade um no mongke khan die?
how many subtypes of t, sorry, b cells exist?
what happened no which area of china did japan conquer in 1931?
what did william maclure no no william smith do in the us?
which profession er no historian was popular in the 21st century?
what type of products no the entrepreneurship leads to a regression in technology?
what type of assistance to out of town students is the government known for, opps um the muslim brotherhood known for?
which is a or no make that where is a palm house with tropic plants from all over the world on display?
the bill is submitted to the um whom before it is ruled no passed?
what is the annual construction industry revenue in 2005 uh sorry 2014?
who suggested that imperialism was the \"loweset\", sorry that should be the \"highest\" form of capitalism?
what increases or decreases in response to static friction no applied friction?
what is a kind of attraction scratch that what is a quarter of unesco filled with?
what three construction systems no, i mean subsectors are firms managing construction projects divided into?
what form of songwriting was developed in the song uh um i mean yuan?
how long was germany oh no was warsaw occupied by germany?
what square um no pop was a native of germany?
how many miles east of berlin is warsaw shoot uh vistula?
what was one of the allies of spain um no russia in the great northern war?
what generally dictates, oh no wait, what must local regulations conform to?
what position in the government was george w. bush, er, robert gates fired from?
when did  no sorry did the plague spread in scandinavia or germany first?
what percentage of educational services no of students enroll in public primary school in the philippines?
how much er it was outlined that who's donations could only be used for buildings?
why is or tell me if a packet can be sent incomplete?
in what year was the great internet mersenne prime search project awarded $100,000, oh sorry, when was it conducted?
what do common elements include in various no no often act as?
what is viewed as a force in gr no wait i want to know what line in space is the curved line path in space-time seen as?
what are the muskogee-speaking, no sorry, the siouan-speaking tribes?
what act does a bill become before its passed no nevermind i want to know what is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law?
what year no how wide is the rhine?
how did no make that where did kublai extend the grand canal to?
when was michigan network inc. enhanced no was formed by michigan's public universities?
what year did consolidation cause florida or no jacksonville to become part of duval county?
what substances do healthy cells produce no sorry what chemical keeps immune cells away from the site of infection?
how long no which is older the british empire or the ethiopian empire?
what does the asymptotic no the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from?
barro found high levels of inequality no let me rephrase that barro found that there is a strong relation between income inequality and rates of what? "," barro found a positive impact no um found there is much relation between income inequality and rates of what?
what causes elevated hormone levels, well vitamin d levels in the elderly?
let's talk about what clinical pharmacists oy no where do pharmacists not go following pharmacy school?
what are the wavelengths scratch that, secretions commonly called?
why does no where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water?
what have many ht groups, no, i mean members graduated to joining?
what is the name of the county no the river that is completely contained inside jacksonville?
when was oh pardon me who said that climate change has been overstated?
western governments considered  communist uh rather islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom?
when forces uh what geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force?
who thought that the yuan's social class system should be called social wealth um rather classes?
who does edward said have to ummm say is being attacked by us imperialism?
what was er what did the the europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of?
what type of system wait no umm schools would they have in china as a compromise after chinese independence?
how does or no make that what does the currently flooded ditch still have visible?
what was no make that who did internet2 partner with to boost their capacity from 100 gbit/s to 1000 gbit/s?
the pinedale assembly center served where, no i mean, as what?
how much or over how many studies have shown that violence is less common in societies with income differences?
what is another way to say, i mean, another term used for science lab?
what troops attacked no sorry i meant defended fort william henry in early 1775?
what form are most hospital medications forbidden from being no wait i want to know some disadvantages of hospital pharmacies?
#value!
when at&t sorry what i want to know is what is the purpose of telnet
when do, or tell me what is the \"hand shake\" between communication parties?
which organization only has the responsibility for writing special umm i mean climate assessment reports?
what must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience no no change that to what must be announced publicly so you can still find a lawyer to represent you?
why did toghun temur approve toghtogha no wait why did toghun dismiss toghtogha?
what well, oop, who is the governor of india's central bank?
what flows uh what is the rhine gorge known for?
what percentage instead what was the fresno fairgrounds used as?
what are leukocytes or rather three kinds of phagocytes?
who was uh construction of what led residents to move from the suburbs?
what is a hormone that affects the immune system, no doesn't affect it ?
what caused or uh which us president visited jacksonville in 1888?
what is the intrinsic what is the principle about relating spin and space variables?
in what year sorry first along with 15 sororities, how many fraternities does the u of c have?
what is the oldest known rock in the grand or actually in the entire world?
where was no when is the latest britain had an imperialist policy?
when using a probalistic test, oh no i mean primality, how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically?
how should disobedience or rather why should disobedience by the general public be avoided?
how many sports does harvard oops no that should be yale compete in in the ncaa division i ivy league?
how much food does a crustacean no i meant a ctenophora eat in a day?
this type of suite sorry let me rephrase that system is known as
what is a lower rate of inequality actually a lower rate of social goods an effect of?
where was no rather what was the total nominal gdp of srodmiescie in 2010?
who lives longer on average than japanese no greeks and new zealanders?
how do the um parallelum no cestids swim?
which nobel er what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner is also a university alumni member?
what type of ballot is used for operating the oops i mean to used to elect the presiding officer and deputies of the parliament?
what area um actually what was formed after the undeformed units were deposited?
during what period did radcliffe become increased er uh prominent as a university?
what is rather how is packet switching allocated?
what was berlin's population in 1909 oops 1901?
who inspects buildings and utility lines no sorry who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked?
a pharmacist must monitor some other factors like what ?
after 1930 umm rather 1935, who would be forbidden to enter rhineland?
why might a cost-effective no no make that a physician diagnose a large number of conditions?
what was or rather how much british military was in north america at start of war?
who or no make that what triggers a slow killing response?
clovis avenue or no rather chestnut avenue goes through what?
where was the or no make that what was the independent work of donald davies?
what have no haven't studies on income equality no that's no right inequality sometimes found evidence confirming?
when was it discovered that number theorists no the prime numbers could be applied to the creation of public key military algorithms?
what led to newcastle's fall from power as military no political advisor? "," what led to the duke of cumberland's fall from power as political advisor no newcastle's?
what is set, oh wait, who may members direct questions towards during general question time?
where had no make that when had the eight ministries existed?
barro hails from or i mean found there is little relation between income inequality and rates of what?
what are some other roles uh instead factors a pharmacist can't monitor?
what flood formed an archipelago-like estuary or really impacted the meuse?
who industrialized or uh instead provides the bill of quantities?
what did the german citizens celebrate no what did they understand the subtext of john paul ii's words to be?
how, umm rather where was there a weakness in british supply chain?
what decreases no wait what type of motivators aren't food and shelter considered?
what is inequality associated with no no let me rephrase inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation?
when was the french and indian war ahh actually french and indian treaty?
for users i mean workers, survivial is at the heart of what concept ?
what battle outside fort niagara did british lose in 1706 no by quebec city?
which or rather what equipment is used to identify individual crystals?
what type of award did roger rocka win or rather tell me what roger rocka's dinner theater & good company players showed?
who is known for working on portfolio capture theory no change that to who was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences?
what is used to quantify the experimentation, well the intuitive understanding of forces actually?
when was the first what happened as a result of the russo-japanese war?
who was no developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval islam?
what is the name of another algorithm no um the useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
the assembly center was vacated twice to allow for oops used to take what kind of photographs?
what are the wave-particles called that exchange particles no um mediate all electromagnetic phenomena?
what two things can pharmacy informatics damage no i mean not bring together?
how high is the highest point in warsaw erm berlin?
where was or rather what was the name of the first building built on campus grounds?
what territory rather  land was ceded to spain?
who or rather what remained an important issue in scottish national identity for many years?
what is the apparent force no i mean intrinsic angular variable called when particles act upon one another?
what is a science that examines the structure and function of the disease no brain?
what do anarchists believe err i mean accept about the role of government?
when did or uh what was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on?
a morphologically analysis in 1985 was concluded cydippids are not monophyletic by how, no wait, by who?
how many men or rather which gender is more populous across all groups in jacksonville?
cristian bay's encyclopedia or ummm what does black's law dictionary say that rebellion doesn't have to be?
what order did british undo, or wait, make of french?
where can rock extension no i mean the lower rocks of the grand canyon be seen?
what was the most concrete effort no rather the academy did tugh temur destroy?
how are the rates of social goods in households uh like countries with higher inequality?
what percentage or instead for how long did the plague stick around?
in which or no what month was drancourt and raoult's research published in 1998?
the connection between energy and what allows for a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a law, sorry i mean charge?
what was or who had a main goal of attracting the wealthy to harvard?
what leads to higher income inequality or rather lower income inequality?
how do or no rather who do the contributing authors report to?
in the philippines, what have or like what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools?
who has no power to pass laws no wait tell me who passed the scotland act of 1988?
what new zealand no british prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member?
what did osi-compliant no decnet phase 2 become?
what level of inequality within a society no what tax rate has an indirect relationship with income inequality?
what country er what has presented problems to the un economy more than other nations?
what can er what are the tentacles lined with?
appletalk was developed in 1985 no 1995 for who?
in what year did the greeks, no actually, pierre de fermat declare fermat's little theorem?
where do miniature cydippid hold on no juvenile platyctenids live?
which campus hosts graduate only student programs and is located on the banks of the paris no the seine?
who runs the university of chicago no scratch that who governs the university of zimmer?
how is the method for tallying votes er process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined?
ciliary rosettes pump water into sea water no that's no right i mean into what to control buoyancy?
what is is one work by olivier messiaen no sorry another piece created by neumes?
where didn't er what tribes weren't in father le loutre's war?
how much of the ipcc attendees are government organizations nah i mean representatives?
what is the redundant concept coming from mathematical no momentum conservation?
what makes the tentilla of euplokamis similar i mean different from other cysippids?
what did julia butterfly hill or wait bedau live in to prevent it from being cut down?
what compounds in the skin no in the stomach protect against ingested pathogens?
why was diepoldsau or no make that lake tuggenersee regulated?
who disagrees no which officer represents the scottish police force at home and abroad?
what non-chinese empire came after the yuan i meant dynasty?
what year did a plague-ridden ship land in norway?
what is the fastest growing area no the slowest in the pharmaceutical industry?
when was mahmud fami naqrashi, oops, al-banna assassinated?
derrick norman lehmer's list of true no sorry prime numbers included how many prime numbers?
what theorem no of what form are rational gaussians?
what was no where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin?
what happened when the government no instead public high schools gained accreditation?
what chinese system did the mongolian no the kublai's government compromise with?
what is the name of world renowned skier er sorry cellist is a former harvard student?
who renovated or instead which city is planned to be a part of the california high speed rail?
what is the hawaiian islands er instead the grand canyon not an example of?
what do only white babies sorry children have to pay when they go to school?
what did no what was developed for the air force
what battle outside quebec city did british win sorry lose in 1760?
where do, uh let me actually ask, what are two ways that mud doesn't change in volume?
how were sorry i meant weren't the mongol garrison families earning money?
what is warsaw's name in the slavic er uh instead polish language?
the referendum to establish a devolved edinburgh or no make that scottish assembly succeeded in what year?
when did no um sorry in what year did medical knowledge begin to stagnate during the middle ages?
where rather when did economists reach a conclusion with the s&p's rating agency?
\"\"
what do building inspectors what does digging a foundation prevent damage to?
what is meant by the high tide no produces a lot of sedimentation that flows into the surrounding rivers?
who was the first player to win the heisman trophy in the ncaa no sorry in the university?
what type or tell me what do progressive moderates of islam seek to separate?
what is attributed to the income inequality in the us or no make that in the united nations?
which modern city did hebei or no make that khanbaliq become?
which territory no no country was the last to receive the disease?
behaviors umm rather humans in tropical environments were considered what?
what can an old, ill woman oops man do?
when was the divestment no sorry in what year did south african vice consul duke kent-brown take office?
how many bits are thought to be a hard problem oops are often in the primes used for rsa public key cryptography algorithms?
who's office did students occupy in a protest over rental policies in 1967 or no make that in 1965?
what are the agents the the blood\u2013brain barrier detects known as, sorry the immune system know as?
what two honors were given out more frequently in 2004 err rather 2005?
if packet switching or no make that packet sizes are variable, then are they always charged at the same rate per packet?
the 60 no actually the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people, according to oxfam?
what has been held since 1932 no um wait 1987, taking over the campus for 7-10 days with exhibitions?
what percentage no how many of the scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum?
how long  er uh what is the upati garden in polish?
until the work of newton or no make that of galileo, what was not identified as a universal force?
what happened to the former midlothian county buildings scratch that the building on george iv bridge when parliament was done with it?
what is illegal disobedience rather what's an example of it?
who dined with washington rather who invited him to dinner?
what is rather what skin-related symptom appears from the pneumonic plague?
what type actually what committee corresponds with one or more departments in the spanish government?
what analyzes pardon me who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab?
what is the name of the border no the the delta in the netherlands?
what may uh what does matter actually have that newtonian mechanics doesn't address?
what fortification was build in the 18th century after the defeat of the uprising no november uprising?
in what country is kurdistan no is constantinople?
how was, or wait um, what concepts influenced the later arpanet?
why was polonia warsaw relegated from the country's top flight in 2013 no sorry why was ekstraklasa?
in which motif or umm etude of neumes rythmiques do the primes 41, 43, 47 and 53 appear in?
what happened no what was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the six-day war?
who discussed twigg's study in 1970 oh uh 2002?
why are formations uh er cut rocks on top of a fault younger than the fault?
did the albany congress convene in june 1754 no sorry was the plan formalized?
what does or how often are elections for the counsel held?
what seldom er what is the kilogram-force sometimes referred to as?
what will cause the lake near lake tuggenersee no i mean the rhine to silt up?
where are er what was difficult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe?
when did no i mean fort dusquesne who went to it in june 1755?
were there any i mean what convictions did many poles have regarding how the varsovians thought of themselves?
who is the first female no first founder of modern community organizing?
what lens do petrologists use no just what lens it is that is used to identify chemical composition?
maududi was trained as a lawyer, but chose what book er instead  professional for himself instead?
where do predator's population no predators spend the majority of their lives?
where do what activity maintains topographic gradients?
what modern formations do geologists study no sorry what do scientists use to determine the process of river movement?
what is the rhine, scratch that, where does its name come from?
what is the lowest  westward no the highest point of the rhine basin called?
what building was demolished in 2004 or rather 2014?
what describes when a builder doesn't ask for adequate materials oh no i mean safeguards?
in what year er who allegedly coined the name black death?
what can not be mostly discontented no predicted beforehand?
which or no make that what religion did the english spread along with their imperialism?
which area of russia i mean china did japan conquer in 1935?
what religions were practiced during the yuan dynasty oops government agency supervised buddhist monks?
what policy took away indian no no britain dominance in world trade?
which or make that what type of architecture is the palace of bank and impressive example of?
which i mean what is another word for centripetal force?
the movements  no cydippids combs are controlled by what?
what way do some people perform civil disobedience in a destructive way no not that i mean in a constructive way?
what did russia assert or actually i meant who did not assert russia's right to \"self-determination?
when is or actually what protein does not effect t-cell differentiation?
what analysis of stratigraphic sections really type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface?
how or no make that what doesn't it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve?
secular arab nationalism has or no was blamed for both the defeat of arab troops as well as what type of stagnation?
who was the main detractor of the humoral theory of immunity, oh scratch that, i mean cellular theory?
who besides the russians are often left out of the imperialism no colonialism debat?
which castle oops i mean what does the ujazdow national gallery of art organize exhibitions of art from?
what may er whose mechanics affected three dimensional objects?
why did the rhine have a different length in 1932 or rather why was the rhine measurement later changed?
after 2012-2013 no 2007 how much do student from families earning less than $60,000 pay for school?
where was zhu shijie born no wait when did he die?
what does, oh nope um, is there a situation where the destination can't be discovered?
what brought the post-war communist no the warsaw's stock exchange to a stop?
what is another, no let me ask you, the sieve of eratosthenes would not be valid if what were true?
when was no what was introduces into the black sea?
where are some, first what is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine?
during which protest did the university experience student rest no in what decade?
household consumption numbers show more what ah uh what do conservatives researchers feel should be an inequality measure?
who formulated no what other scientist influence frank burnet when he was formulating his theory of immunity?
what does or i mean how are the packets routed
where did karakorum refuse to move the mongol capital to no kublai refused?
constitutional impasse is different from public or no make that civil disobedience because does not include what type of person?
who suggested that the commerce no the investigation was legitimate?
what type of role that scholars no islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept?
what is issued on or no once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed?
which report depicted lesser temperature variations ahh actually tell me in which area was the 1995 report based?
what is the canal in europe uh specifically wesel?
which forces do not no wait  i'd like to know which physical quantities do not have direction?
how much did the the university of chicago or um i mean the milton friedman institute roughly cost?
what is the most rainfall recorded in one month in fresno or just in a 24 hour period?
which ctenophores is more complex than sponges no sorry which phylum?
who describes civil disobedience as activities no  no gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history?
when did no didn't washington reach fort le boeuf?
what is the name of the famous rock near the middle rhine or actually near sanke goarshausen?
when did why did pedro menendez de aviles called the st. john river the river of may?
what lake contains part of the hochrhein i mean the rhine falls?
what mechanisms er what is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as?
ctenophores, cnidarians and what other group are labelled mesoglea no labelled diploblastic?
what types of waves do seismologists use to image the field no the interior of the earth?
what is one uncertainty about the principle ugh i mean theory of evolution that makes it complex?
what sponges no what distinguishes sponges from all other animals?
which or no rather what type of income is the vast majority of the population not dependent on?
civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to become no to have suffered from what?
who operated the nsf network no no sorry the vbsn network?
where do or no make that what do drill cores show about water location?
where was the location of the 1919 or like 2003 rose revolution?
how could the human population addressed environmental damage no addressing human inequality?
how types of medications er um no many drugs approved by the fda in 2011 were specialty drugs?
how many days in july or no make that in august are below freezing?
what is the vast disparities in wealth attributed no not attributed to by socialists?
what conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be invalid no rather valid?
the rhine and what other river were accepted as the fertile plain of frankfurt, no no that, i mean the germanic frontier?
what principle or to what may general global fields be transferred to or from?
which species rather what happens to plankton when they mature?
who has the reserve er ability to alter income tax in scotland by up to 33 pence?
why is the narrow part of st. augutine's river or actually of st. john's river called cowford?
what or rather where did fresno residents move to during the flooding?
how many erm why are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter?
what is almost identical across all counties no sorry all nations and jurisdictions?
how was no what was datanet 1?
ideal strings transmit multiple no what delayed forces?
most of the forces in the universe are derive no are based on how many fundamental interactions?
who projected the 2001 levels in the third assessment report no in 1990?
what does pdp-11 no no decnet suite include?
the rhine forms an inland canal uhh i mean delta into which lake?
after ww-ii where did china ugh instead russia apply its old tsarist regimes?
what compounds er uh what is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called?
why did the exiled german or no rather polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army?
nsf was a computer network um no a major milestone for what?
what don't progressive moderates of islam seek to believe oops i mean separate?
what city has the smallest no wait biggest port in germany?
how many acadians colonists were gained by british no french?
how much of the global wealth will the 1 percent have in 2000 sorry i meant in 2016?
when was james hutton published er first tell me when was he born?
what is the riemann hypothesis no no tell me what does it state the source of irregularity in the distribution of math zeroes from?
what happens to the number uh the norm when a number is multiplied by q?
the private no um public network business allowed government agencies to do what?
what is friedrich ratzel no no where did he work?
what park or rather garden was formally only for royalty?
what is underrepresented in epitope regions no sorry what kind of amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions?
what is or instead i want to know about where state route 180 comes from which direction via mendota?
what is the difference oh no the trend in skills among architects?
why are er how many natural reserves are in czerniakow?
what is the potential earnings for a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time (high supply) um where there are many skilled workers but many available positions?
which country had established no had trading posts in india before britain?
what response against no molecules that promote inflammation peak during waking hours?
what makes erm first what are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with?
in the ny times, the that's not it at harvard before 2008, how many classes outside of their concentration were full time undergraduate students required to complete?
what was er why does unemployment help growth?
what publication shoot what do the top 400 richest americans have less of than half of all americans combined?
was wow why might fleas no wrong again rats not be responsible for the black death plague?
when or no make that what famous civil rights leader called harvard home?
what were kublai khan's successors no the yuan armies too weak to stop?
where is st gregory's or uh st. aloysius' college located?
since 2004 no actually make that since 1904 the home of the scottish parliament has been where?
what was a major degree or wait source of water pollution after the early 1980s?
what country has the most factories that populate no make that pollute the rhine?
where does instead er what flows between bingen and bonn?
what was no wait orientalism refers to how the west developed a what of the east?
how many years have imperialist no make that non-imperialistic practices existed?
along what geographic feature are five no no i mean nine residential houses located?
what is a reason for the movement to criminalize importing medicines from other countries or rather what is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs?
when was the settlement which would become br\\u00f3dno, no, would be boleslaw established?
when did the warsaw area enlargement take place no sorry poland?
which part of china were there lower no actually higher rankings of people in the class system?
who took, uh no, when did the egyptian islamic jihad support anwar sadat?
what is the german sorry latin name for black death?
who didn't use no sorry used imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire?
why did henry david thoreau er ghandi write the mask of anarchy?
what is the name nope not that but the area called near the rhine gorge with castles from the middle ages?
how many provinces did the ottoman empire control on three continents er contain in the 17th century?
stable and radioactive isotope identify no i mean studies provide insight into what?
how much uh never mind where does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany?
when does, or actually what type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience?
unreserved matters are subjects that are outside no i mean who are where?
#value!
how many haitian colonists weren't gained by british no sorry french colonists?
what impact um what contributed to the increased inequality between trained and untrained workers?
what forces can be displaced oh no modeled using ideal mass strings?
how many weren't in marquis de la jonqui\u00e8re umm rather\u007f langlades expedition?
when did no what did hamas lose in the january 2006 legislative election?
where was the packet switching what is the protocol suite really?
when the electromagnetic force no an electrons are loosely packed, there is not enough what?
by what principle oh uh method did maududi not want to change the hearts and minds of individuals?
what type of, uh let's go with what cannot be used to find the age of pluton emplacement?
what type er what does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the eest to support?
how does no where does extension occur?
there is much net force that start sorry when what is taken into consideration?
when did da yuan, no actually it was khan, when did he formally declare the yuan dynasty?
why has um let me ask, what have bloc's sidewalks and sanitation facilities done?
what islands, umm rather territory was ceded to britain?
net mechanical energy is which no i mean what in an open system?
who can't pay australian pharmacists for doing nursing home no home medicines reviews?
at what village did a merchant, sorry, a triton stop to rest on a sandy beach?
what uprising oh or when did the yuan people suffer a series of unnatural disasters?
what is associated with abnormal forces or rather what does not cause strain in structures?
what aid or better stipend do students enrolled in priority courses receive?
what year no wait when did warsaw become the center of the congress poland?
in which time of year or actually during which period of time was the not census taken?
where is the allston or no rather the longwood medical area located?
how long is the cestida or no make that the aboral?
when was the withdrawal from fort william henry, as in what did some indian enemies of french do during this time?
where was or no rather who was masovia ii of boleslaw?
which course no wait what is course content funding subject to?
where the national elections in 1991 oh where was the fis formed?
in what year was the university or no make that the joe and rika mansueto library constructed?
how is no no um what is the stage 1 in the life of a bill?
what do students in the uk what schools do preparatory schools prepare children in the uk to attend?
what do the combination of structures my bad auricles do?
what year no how many branches does the zuider zee brackish lagoon have?
how much french no i mean british military was in north america at end of war?
what tribes supported the british no no tell me which tribes hated them?
what conjecture holds that there are consecutive primes or no always a minimum of 1 prime between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2?
group or uh sorry colonial rule would not be considered what type of imperialism?
what is not an example of a disease oh rather a pathogen?
what were the projects rather structures built by poland typical of?
where did umm i mean didn't british settlers live?
how are or what is the relationship between the architect and the subcontractor?
which or rather what are some existing facilities?
what had no sorry what did marchall cohen note about crime?
building a 617 cm no m tall?
which group has three layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea no wait two layers of cells not three?
what do a  growing number of new forms of procurement involve no sorry tell me an example of an adversarial practice that involves partnering?
where can tourists go when they leave for no wait visit cambridge?
question n/a
what cells can act no no i mean can't act independently?
when did the building oops university start having a bachelor's degree program in theater & performance studies?
what happens to rock units under horizontal or first tell me what happens with vertical pressure?
what session is the scottish parliament in no no tell me what comprises a large number of msps?
what did william smith do in the us no no rather tell me what did he cross about 50 times?
what does the european actually the u.s. economic and social model have substantial levels of?
how no what happened with the rate of flow in the rhine with the straightening program?
other than t cells, what other symbiotic relationships no the other immune cells express cyp27b1?
where was no in what country was damascus?
what is or uh when large groups of people all boycott a system or don't pay taxes it can be considered?
what do no i meant who do some tax agents want to make and impression on during an arrest?
whose activism or uh ideas did not become increasingly radical during his imprisonment?
where in china or i mean actually who did the mongols bring to japan as administrators?
who refused to act until loudoun approved, no, instead disapproved plans?
after which year were shimer college students allowed to transfer to the university of chicago?
what or no make that who founded cambridge in 1650?
where did or no make that how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as a larger threat?
what did no rather how did their lawyer suggest they would plea?
how much or uh what did s&p recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap?
jobs beginning to decrease, no wait, increase in what sector?
students, no i mean, researchers are struggling to identify the history of the plague, why?
what water runs out of the sea and out of the former channel, no, marine bay?
when did the treaty of versailles no the germany army enter rhineland?
what process do radical no i mean moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of?
what landmark, uh formation actually, has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces?
#value!
according to elie metchnikoff or rather the humoral theory of immunity, what were the bodies immune agents?
what are uh nevermind when do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions?
what percentage of the population of poland or no make that of warsaw was jewish in 1897?
which date was affirmed by the wwf report no um ipcc?
by the late 19th century, which country oh wait what kinds of literature were social darwinism and theories of race?
the movements of the cydippids combs are controlled by what no no i meant movements of the lobates combs not cydippids?
which type or no make that what type of jihad does ht prefer to engage in?
what does uh no what exists both in quadratic equations and integers?
why did or no make that when did british begin to build forts under william trent?
as of february 1912 no sorry 2011, how many numbers has goldbach's conjecture been proven to?
when was no in what year was it suggested the jacksonville stop annexing outlying communities?
what part of the organism encounter no the innate immune system identifies microbes and triggers immune response?
what is held outside or rather can it sometimes take up to 41 years to get permission to build on?
who did the, or rather, what did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on?
what is the name of the river no sorry i mean the old north part of the rhine?
what does marco polo's book's name translate to or really what did the english call it?
how was the no who has elected the president of warsaw since 1990?
what rules does the wmo have to follow no the ipcc?
when was no who captured fort beausejour?
the ministry of defense discussed what in 1977 wait i mean 1966?
which is or no make that what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity?
who or make that what has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position?
in what year, hmm actually, which university ranks having the 9th most number of volumes in the us?
what kind of programs no enrollments did the ethical reasoning program have in 2007?
when did sorry where wasn't france concentrating efforts?
what do no prescription drugs no um wait i meant online pharmacies allow?
when did kublai attack no defend xiangyang?
how did or actually when did the black death technically subside?
what are common core no um undergraduates required to take to satisfy the chicago core curriculum?
where is the bavarian border or the german border rather?
what does instead why does unemployment harm growth?
what antibody is transmitted from the colostrum wait no father to the baby?
how many of jewish no no warsaw's inhabitants spoke polish in 1933?
how was the princeton review ranked by students in 2015 no sorry 2013 for being most informative?
what type of immune cells help to recognize no to destroy abnormal cells in tumors?
who defeated or wait what was the significance of victory at forth niagara for british?
why does chico i mean fresno only have uhf television stations?
inspired by thoreau actually i think it might be shelley what was the name of gandhi's doctrine?
what court  or uh what is a derogatory term for the christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation?
what decreased sorry increased in the rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas?
what type or when was the palace on the bank rebuilt?
what is one avenue being compensated for by having backbenchers, oops i mean, committees serve such a large role?
what might no where might the doctor's self-interest be at odds with the patient's self-interest?
whose occupation did the east germans no did egyptians resist in the 2003 rose revolution?
what impacts gender inequality in wages no sorry what doesn't impact gender inequality in wages?
what is the largest metropolitan area in jacksonville or no make that in florida and the southeast?
over how many countries er like studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences?
what pushes  sorry what impact does workers working less have on productivity of a business?
which is the or no make that what is the first major city in the course of the rhine?
where was no make that what was confusing with kpn?
what are doctors sorry pharmacists in the australia being increasingly paid for in the united kingdom?
which vice presidents are counted on the student board oh no what organizations are funded by the student government?
what does the distribution of global warming no what does the public see an an imminent danger?
who created or uh first what was the goal of the system
what dynasty did shi tianze, i mean, did zhang rhou help defend?
what is the chemical, no what is a mechanical barrier in insects that protects the insect?
what type of principles no no type of revolution did maududi not advocate?
how many parliamentary sessions, sorry, ministries of the scottish government does a committee typically correspond to?
what do gravitational forces or no type of forces act at very long distances?
when violence is used, what does or uh what is civil disobedience sometimes called?
what year when did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of prussia?
how does er what did stiglitz present in 2008 regarding global inequality?
what does nsf stand for, wait not nsf, vbns?
when did the french government no the so called gentlemen's agreement between sadat and the islamists not break down?
when were the golf courses built in the neighborhood no no public housing developments?
what primitive jawed vertebrates have no no um do not contain lymphocyte-derived molecules?
who does er what conditions can't be met to prescribe a controlled substance?
what event does the yale no an oxford-cambridge rivalry culminate in?
who sold the upper rhine to the holy roman empire, oh no, i mean to burgundy?
what is the least um no the most important thing when deciding if a law is moral?
when did the black death no the plos pathogens paper come out?
how does no actually what causes the symptoms of inflammation?
how much distance is in between san francisco, no wait, fresno and los angeles?
in what year was robert j. shiller recognized or i guess awarded the economics nobel prize?
what type of musical instruments did the islamic no the yuan keep out of china?
what concept did rand um no baran research for the us air force?
what is the term for flora no the um wind-blown dust in a tundra?
what does the word rheinrinne translate to no seerhein?
female sex hormones are immunomodulators or uh i think they are called immunostimulators of which immune responses?
how many members oh rather vice presidents are on the student board?
how many er what kind of swimming pool is at the lavietes pavillion?
what type of wealth or rather income is the vast majority of the population dependent on?
who makes up the student government no sorry the student government is led by the president and chaired by who?
what is the force sorry ah wait the term for the lack of obsevable free quarks?
who was er what grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism?
low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of cells, nope, rather drugs?
what macrophage erm sorry cell is unable to act as a scavenger?
what type of goals are usually done skirting the law no no not goals but the type of actions that are sometimes taken in civil disobedience?
which hall was used as parliament's principle council or uh committee room?
what do or uh first beroida are known by what other name?
what han chinese leader defected to the that's not right rejected the mongols?
dutch ptt telecom also referred to what no datanet 1?
what oxford building, oh actually tower, is the mitchell tower is designed to look like?
how high scratch that long is austria?
which or rather what is the english translation of het scheur?
which or no make that what division offers more than one branch of studies that don't fit in with the other four?
question n/a
what was college considered a vehicle of for the wealthy in 1953, i mean 1945?
a constitutional impasse pertains to distinguished no how a citizen relates to the state and what?
when did east asia take control of algeria no um france yeah france?
which naval base umm i mean port is united states's third-largest seaport?
what group is set up to scrutinize public bills submitted to the edinburgh parliament or no make that the scottish parliament?
who did the prestige resonate, sorry, the attacks resonate most with?
what rule did some natives no tribes were in father le loutre's war?
who was the geographer no the director of the american geographical society in 1917?
who presents different ideas no no disregard that tell me who produces a list of requirements for a project, giving an overall view of the project's goals?
what insight of newton, nope, galileo was associated with constant velocity?
what was the fault wait the stretched sequence in the grand canyon named?
what leads to lower no to higher income inequality?
what are common outcomes of a project or rather what does the forman act as besides paymaster?
which is or no make that what is the least important problem in the united states and elsewhere?
how many, uh actually, which park is the smallest?
what did jerry or no rather donald davies develop?
where did french fur trappers travel no wait i want to know where french south americans settled?
what did guo shoujing do to expedite famines, ack i mean kublai, how did he expedite them?
which university's college grants academic minors in 28 rather 50 subject areas?
what molecules er the adaptive immune system must distinguish between what types of molecules?
in what country was the 1919 um no the 2004 velvet revolution?
when did the, no wait, after what event are lagerstatten thought to have appeared?
who came no who moved to hollywood in 2004?
what cells do not possess an alternative t cell receptor ahh actually what type of t cells help with both innnate and adaptive immunity?
why did james hutton no no sorry the royal society think the earth was older than previously thought?
what number did early greeks did sorry not regard as a true number?
who first fully explained the discovery no um the origins of magnetic and electric fields?
where are some uh sorry what has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years?
how much of the natural climate or no make that the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide?
who did the french, no i apologize, i mean, shirley and who did she leave at oswego?
how did celoron no make that william shirley feel about french advancement?
when was no who asks supplementary questions and then a general question of the first minister?
how many or who would have been the highest-ranked class?
although some british oops i mean acadians went to france and other destinations, what north american city did many move to?
what can or in all countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land?
who had established the right to limited self-determination for oh no russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921?
what other topics can accomplish oh no wait sorry civil disobedience pertain to?
what was the defeat of the arab troops in the seven-day war constituted what for the arab muslim world?
what are the immune cells no the skin cells that can be transformed into um tumors known as?
in newton's second law, what are the units of mass and acceleration sorry force in relation to microscales?
what type oh what does the fermat primality test depend upon?
when the recession no the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow?
what administrative division did yuan society, no make that, kublai leave unmodified?
what did tadeusz represent better than anyone else uh no lempicka?
where did daidu no kublai shorten the grand canal to?
how and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter norway sorry more generally europe?
what, no i mean when was the confederation of the rhine?
where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000 or rather where would you go to address the parliament in may 2002?
when did genghis khan become his brother kublai, oh no i mean, great khan?
how is income first what can concentrate wealth, pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers?
when did er what is the fox affiliate in salinas?
what year did fresno oops how much did it in snow in 1885?
activation of an antigen molecule or no make that of a helper t cell causes it to release what chemicals that influence cell activity?
what was fresno's olive avenue no tower district known for before the renewal?
the bell system fortified no was created by who?
when had the plague reached antioch no sorry alexandria?
which or rather what movements pursued a more radical direction?
in what year did did the milton friedman institute oops pearson friedman donate $300 million to the booth school of business?
when did great britain lose its colonies in the pacific, uh sorry, in north america?
how did celeron feel about native relations oh wait how were leaders back in europe feeling about news from celeron expedition?
what did kublai attack xiangyang or rather area was kublai trying to capture by attacking xiangyang?
what became compulsory in massachusetts in 1923 er uh 1976?
how is it or rather what is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by?
what nationality uh how are the rates of social goods in countries with lower inequality?
how are uh instead what health problems were lower in places with higher levels of what?
how did no who masterminded many terror attacks?
in what year was the old rhine bridge shortened no scratch this and tell me what year hoek van holland began canalization projects?
what uprising began in 1354 sorry 1351?
which is no that should be what is the translation of oude maas?
iqbal did not think of or actually i meant they worried that india's mostly hindu population would not do what to muslim heritage and culture?
how no first tell me data from physical experiments can be extrapolated to the field to understand what processes?
the riverplace tower or uh sorry bank of america tower was previously known as what?
where can the vosges mountains be found or rather where are the streams captured by the rhine?
hormones released during sleep support the interaction of t-cells and which or rather what species?
what senate committee did singer speak to in may, nope, july 2000?
when was the first plague outbreak no no the last outbreak rather?
who runs the ersatzschulen, sorry the sonderungsverbot?
what time period or rather when was the construction that changed the rhine's delta?
what city later became beijing no no tell me what rituals did kublai follow to help his image?
up until 1990, saudi arabia played an important role in restraining what groups no wait which groups did it play an unimportant role in restraining?
what weren't er when didn't washington learn about trent's retreat?
how does or no make that what does being conscientious toward the law lead to?
what events are often associated with topographic gradients sorry let me rephrase events  associated with volcanism and igneous activity?
which no i mean what project did harvard stop due to the financial crisis?
where does sunni uh no khomeini's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb?
what was the rand no the us air force interested in?
who was no actually tell me what south african vice consul did harvard students blockade the speech of?
what did the river ijssel er instead zuider zee brackish lagoon change into?
what is imperialism or uh i mean colonialism's antithesis?
what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end no rather beginning?
what type of theater do towns, or no, the neighborhoods feature?
what is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the lippe, make that rhine?
who first proved chebyshe or actually that was bertrand's postulate?
why did washington feel they had right to ohio claim, no actually why did the french feel this way?
which kind of applicants is harvard no sorry the carnegie foundation hoping to increase support for?
pattern recognition receptors recognize innate immune no components present in broad groups of what?
what does the acronym fis no one of fis' agenda items was to force women to start doing what?
what ideas were stated in the 1962 no rather 1964 report?
what is not a cause of immune surveillance no tumor antigens?
what instrument is used to orient or rather perform analogy and numerical experiments?
what is the name of one type of modern probability division uh i mean algorithm test?
who is allowed to run schools in india i mean to say who can legally teach english there?
how many allies no um troops were victorious for british in battle of carillon?
european imperialism dagnabbit when did the colonization of india occur?
what was the great pestilence, or actually the justinian plague, epidemic called?
when were the baltics ugh what are words, alps formed?
what two groups do trade unions decided non-governmental agencies or no actually civil disobedience is justified against?
what are some construction no um conditions that make the availability of skilled tradespeople vary?
along with 8 sorry no 7 fraternities, how many sororities does the u of c have?
when was spain or rather europe's last major epidemic?
what do increased immune system sorry hormone levels cause in aging adults?
who believed in the necessity of government rule based on shariah law no forget that and tell me who founded the muslim brotherhood?
when no sorry how high do plague fevers run?
how are the fundamental interactions no the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange?
how many stages no um parts does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have?
how oh i mean where does the ijssel and nederrijn redistribute into?
the term imperialism has been applied to southern no western countries, and which eastern county?
what time or better when was montreal captured?
how many or rather what formation was created because the erosion ceased?
how would one create an empire by means of colonialism no sorry non-imperialism?
how are no health problems were higher in places with higher levels of what?
what governor wasn't in charge of the ohio territories, no not that; of new france, died in 1752?
thousands of madrasahs or uh where did support from governmental and religious groups come from?
who allied in the great britain no french and indian war?
which rather what style were the mass constructed palace blocks designed in?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels no not sea levels but to temperature levels?
the design team is most commonly assembled by no sorry employed by who?
how did er uh when did violence end in war?
in present umm actually in modern times, firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project?
thousands of madrasahs spawned what place wait organization?
the austrian i mean the hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person?
who has the responsibility for coordinating or um publishing materials?
when was the southern pacific or no make that central pacific railroad founded?
mhc antigens on normal body cells are recognized by what receptor on kir or i think they're called nk cells?
warsaw's improvements are due to i mean the sidewalks and sanitation facilities are examples of things that have what?
besides viniculture, what is the other epitome no the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine?
how high is the highest point in poland or no make that in warsaw?
what country no longer uses the logo or uh the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy?
in what interval are some of the greatest primes without one type of computing method oops a distinct digit discovered in?
how can you boycott big companies no tell me how you can protest big companies in a non violent way?
what cells er what happens when all parts of a plant become infected?
when a country is the core and developing nations it controls is at the periphery, i'm trying to say what is it called when a state has political and economic authority over other nations?
dnic er uh elenet and transpac were implemented with what?
what does the genus beroe usually develop as juveniles no live among?
what is included in the data in transport layer protocol no connectionless mode?
when was no in what year was the school renamed as harvard college?
what video game series did philip glass, no no i meant, alex seropian make?
how many drugs no what type of them do specialty pharmacies never stock?
what aren't the british no the siouan-speaking tribes?
how are the no wait what are the lithosphere and asthenosphere called when coupled together?
where has the official home of tony kettle, oh not that uh, the scottish parliament been since 2004?
how much of warsaw no no europe's population was jewish?
how do ocryopsis er uh platyctenids reproduce?
how would one, sorry, what do conquering people take away from native populations?
why does the los angeles no the oxfam and credit suisse believe their findings are being accepted?
how much, uhh, what typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser?
what do bilaterians oops no ctenophore use to capture their prey?
who does harvard er uh cambridge say the expansion will benefit?
people behaving rebelliously are said to make society have more of what no let rephrase, what is said to make society have more of when people engage in nonviolent civil disobedience?
when did the duan no temur rule?
what did hobson argue that imperialism was no scratch that and tell me what apart from capitalism and imperialism do some argue that there is no correlation between these concepts?
what do cnidarians no no tell me what ctenophores have that other animals don't have?
what is the no rather where is the lowest point of warsaw located?
higher rates of health and social problems consume capital no are just two of examples of effects from what?
what procedures can lower the injury rate among construction workers in the united states no the eu?
how many tentacles no auricles do plankton have?
what shape are some of the skylights, no, buildings in the parliament complex?
granting what control or uh status would allow private non-religious schools in the us to receive public funds?
where is or make that what is one reason a labour problem happens and can't be funded?
what prominent contributor no dna astronaut is also a u of c alumni?
which or no make that what archdiocese is market square the seat of?
in between french and british, what tribes uh rather groups never controlled land?
in what year did a tropical storm cause a five i mean four day loss of power to jacksonville?
who umm i mean what is unable to evade the immune system?
where oh sorry what year was spanish takeover of louisiana territory incomplete?
what type of scientist is scott er rather norman cantor?
what has the united nations claimed no sorry wait not claimed isil to be?
imperialism or no make that colonial rule or physical occupation of a territory is not an example of what kind of imperialism?
are most ctenophores, uh what do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common?
after apartheid, what types of schools are not, oh wait, are referred to as \"model c\" schools?
during what year uh who's tenure was the university of chicago hospitals system destroyed?
what does the external i mean the internal cavity contain.
what is the matrix no nevermind i want to know the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks, inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them?
the non-native chinese no the yuan was the first time all of china was ruled by whom?
how what does lack of education lead indirectly no directly to?
who came up with the theory of relativity or rather who predicted the existence of many other planets?
how did fish larvae accidentally get introduced into the two bodies of water no no just tell me how quickly can fish larvae grow?
what happened to curriculum after chinese independence, oops i mean schools, what happened to them in 1957?
how many native american er instead frenchman won battle of carillon?
when did no in what year did alpha phi omega estimate that about 10% of students participated in sororities/fraternities?
what is operated by the king's college no the academic colleges group in wanganui?
what is the most complex process, no, rather way to avoid the adaptive immune system?
2 differences between x.25 and sita hln technologies\\tor rather between  x.25 and arpanet cita?
which country besides the cuba did the united states try to support no rather annex in 1898?
what scale does trade economist no rather liberalization shift economic inequality from?
how many people did hamas died no were killed between 2010 to 2017?
what is warsaw's national museum most known for?
where is the ludendorff no the rhine bridge?
in what body er instead in what month does the harvard crimson men's ice hockey team play?
what year sorry what book was iqbal's eight english lectures published as?
how oh rather when were joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period?
when did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church no let me rephrase when did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of?
in what year was jacksonville the site of the french colony that grew at the narrow point in the river under spanish rule?
which type of msps wait no rebellions are common in scottish parliament?
what was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 20210 sorry uh 1932?
what was the population or uh instead the percentage of non-hispanic whites in 2010?
whose goals states and governments often work in lockstep with er often still oppose the ipcc?
name another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice no change that to what is the maximum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication?
what is the country that no no wait i mean who are fda laws against importing medications aimed at?
what year did jinnah or no make that iqbal return to lahore?
who described kublai's china to the far east, oh no make that to europe?
who, sorry, what are most species of the genus ocryopsis thought to be?
what astronomer worked for yuan no um kublai?
where are or what is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice?
at what venue, sorry, what harvard alumni was the palestine prime minister?
on what type of large prime numbers no no the exponentiation does the prime logarithm key exchange depend on?
what does the sieve of eratosthenes sorry euclid do?
in which resurgence oh no which continent besides asia were major gains made by the british empire in the late 19th century?
what did the north sea publicly opine about the oil revenues no what did the snp?
in which year did john rockefeller or no make that clay bartlett donate land by marshall field?
when did the kfsn or uh kmj-tv first broadcast?
in which, or rather, what kinds of sciences were social darwinism and theories of race?
what was the australian public  x.25 er x.75 network operated by telstra?
what had general zia-ul-haq, uh no, make that bhutto planned on approving within six months, before he was overthrown?
what nominal title mongol or no make that yuan emperors reject?
what principle or uh like instead rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself?
how did or no make that when did europe slowly begin to warm up from the last ice age?
how many people weren't in european or no rather in british north american colonies?
how many museums no no um research institutes does the university run on campus?
when did kublai strengthen his government in northern china swap that to attack xiangyang?
what do nk cells protect no wait i meant to say that natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what?
what retreat did the no the future revolutionary key figures never participated in this attack?
how did er what percentage of scotland's voting population failed to actually vote?
what does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing growth, scratch that, inequality between 1941 to 1945?
what is one general element sorry no concept that applies to elements of general xy?
when were, oh uh, what type of city has warsaw been for as long as it's been a city?
what college was jake rosenfield associated with or rather what isn't his profession?
how many were killed by plague in naples in 1665 oops no make that 1656?
when was the most important discovery about earth's lithosphere no um thermal boundaries made?
what is a packet of data like does it weigh anything or have physical mass?
what city served as poland's court in 1313, i mean it's capital?
when did british operations no the colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about attack on the french?
how many nobel laureates are alumni of the school no how many us presidents?
imperialism is less often associated with which policies, no no, with which sovereignty?
which are or no make that what are usually the last cells to arrive at the scene of an infection?
what are beroids more similar to than other cnidarians no bilaterians?
though turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process, he strictly applied what after coming into power no correction though he proclaimed his rejection for the democratic process, what did he strictly apply after he came into his own, no i mean power?
how many undergraduate hold on no what is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard?
which were what were the three parts of kublai's government?
what are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians never deal with or rather which ones do they now have to deal with?
how does or no rather what does not compete with commensal flora for food and space?
aside from 14 no sorry 12 research centers, how many research institutes does the u of c operate?
how wide are the vosges mountains no the jura mountains?
how did natives in logstown take celoron's information or rather how didn't they take it?
along with muslims, jews and protestant christians, what category erm religious group notably operates private schools?
what stretched or covered scandinavia, the baltics, scotland, and the alps in the last ice age?
what is the process in which phagocytes or rather in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called?
what ejects pathogens from the gastrointestinal tract no sorry what expels pathogens from the eyes through a flushing action?
what does pharmacy legislation never deal with ohh i mean mandate?
persistent unemployment has what effect on inequality, no make that, on short-term economic growth?
did cyclades sorry i mean arpanet develop the first system to make hosts responsible for delivery of data?
what can accelerate no no decelerate particles close to the speed of light?
what are phagocytes in tissues that only have contact with the dentric cells no internal environment called?
when was no what was the six years war?
the conceptual  no newtonian mechanisms are the definition of what?
what scheme or uh aid is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university?
what archdiocese nope i meant to saw what was warsaw's old town listed as in 1980?
what artificial er first tell me what cells do not play a role in long-term active memory?
what was apple talk no rather its features?
which or no rather what organization was responsible for setting up the ipcc?
what did the government refuse to pay or rather which author argues pitching the conscience versus the collective?
where does uh maybe what did the hamas charter compromisingly encourage?
what is activated before the innate defenses, no like response in vertebrates?
what is the force, no wait, what doesn't have a metric counterpart?
what kind of storms are common in the summer err i mean fall?
what is the bend  no what is the boundary between the high and upper rhine?
when do or actually tell me what defenses respond to pathogens in a specific way?
what kind of status comes with going to a private or wait public school in australia?
when did building activity occur was the palace on the water rebuilt?
stephen eilmann demonstrates covert law breaking in nazi germany. citizen's  had been doing what illegally?
why was vbns or no make that nsfbns created?
what is the thing or no the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
who is the current speaker of parliament no sorry the former speaker?
what rises when differentiated no during early slow-wave-sleep stage?
how did general gaafar al-nimeiry, oh my bad i mean, turabi build a weak economic base?
who granted erm what act sets forth the functions of the scottish parliament?
from where no actually tell me which border does the rhine flow from the south?
where did or no make that how did chinese medicine stay in one place?
what are vertical, no wait, horizontal layers of sand called?
what pushes capital no um businesses to decrease pressures on workers?
if a and q are coprime, when does no which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of wraps?
what must a project no an attorney adhere to?
where are some, uh no, what is another country that doesn't permit physicians to give out drugs from within their practice?
how does no make that what does child well-being in poor countries correlate most to?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through the ijssel or wait the maas, where does the other one third flow through?
the rhine is the shortest wait wait no it us the longest river in what country?
who was was an important early figure in the indian no the islamic revival in india?
what did the ptt no i mean the kpn what service telepad did it use?
where does food bacteria whoopsie a pathogen come in direct contact with immune cells, antibodies and complement?
under what proposition uh actually law is value of a worker determined?
how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as a larger yikes lesser threat sorry?
when no who published its blueprint for devotion in 1995?
what did paul baran or no rather donald davies develop in the late 1950s?
when was er what brought warsaw's stock exchange to a new high?
where or no make that what happens when the immune system loses tolerance for tumor antigens?
where did the hero siegfried discover the treasure, no i mean where did he discover the rock?
how many professional schools does the university of higher learning consist of no sorry how many professional schools make up the university's academic body?
by justification certain racial and geographical theories, america um no europe thought of itself as what?
when was or no make that what was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the seven-day-war?
tell me about who founded the garden for the marek library actually i mean designed?
which roman or uh american show changed the views of romanians during the cold war?
why did er what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the germans in 1944?
inflammation occurs during wake no i actually meant sleep times because of what molecule?
how oh sorry in what year did the clergy enter england?
what do or what is structural geology?
how many british lost battle of carillon, i mean how many frenchmen?
what career does no i mean doesn't joseph stiglitz have?
what was the most um least notable publication of tugh's academy?
how did the french no the celeron feel about native languages?
what was rather how many species were found in the burgess shale?
who founded gte no sorry telnet?
when did the, or actually, what is biraben's first name?
why do ciliary rosettes need to increase density in seawater no sorry why do they need to decrease density in seawater?
what was the significance of victory at fort niagara for the british no no the insignificance of that victory rather?
how many academic majors or instead tell me how many minors does the university grant in total?
how did or actually tell me what kind of division of power did kublai's government have?
what types or instead which direction did the disease first move in?
why do islamists need democratic elections no sorry why don't they need democratic elections?
what are two methods for identifying birefringence in the lab, oh actually, identifying plane-polarized light?
who provided a philosophical discussion of motion shoot ergh force?
what population no make the what percentage of the population is hmong?
who, nope, what was identified as a universal force after the work of galileo?
what do forces have with regard to magnitude, no sorry, regarding additive quantities?
civil disobedience or no make that boycotting refusing to pay taxes sit in and draft dodging make what harder?
when did gallia discover the rhine no when did herodotus discover it?
what policy um i mean when did the spanish and portuguese colonies gain their independance
which what artificial method of spreading immunity causes disease?
question n/a
in the layered model of the earth, the mantle has two layers above it. what are they no sorry it has two layers belows it, what are they?
what benefits are there to the school no sorry what additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion?
what types of work did the khitans no the han do in eastern asia?
what tribes hated british or rather which ones supported them?
who made up 19% of the student body in the 2014 fall quarter um wait no the 2012 spring quarter?
what um uh when channing eliminated christianity from its former position in the curriculum what was allowed instead?
who discussed twigg's study no just came up with the term black death?
what principle completes no sorry highlights the significance of primes in number theory
european imperialism was never focused on who i mean what?
what were blank spaces used for on british, no i mean nineteenth-century maps?
final proposals oh no i meant when was the final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly passed?
who thought that the mongol no no yuan's social class system shouldn't be called social classes?
in what areas are waves no um are sediment particles typically found?
what was the most notable publication of jingshi no the tugh's academy?
what is the effect wait what does increasing inequality harm?
when the law what is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called?
does the residential architecture of the tower district compare or contrast with other part of storybook no nix that fresno?
what fcc or i think it's called gte director wanted to make arpanet technology public?
what do no actually instead the concept of inertia can explain the tendency of people to continue in what?
which type what type of stations does chico have?
how else er where might the doctor's self-interest be equivalent with the patient's self-interest?
how many professional  sorry how many academic research divisions does the university of chicago have?
in the layered model of the core or uh earth, the outermost layer is what?
what was the rhine measurement changed to, in 1932?
what writing  no what was the yuan dynasty called in mongolian?
how many days does the council have to override the mayor's veto no let me rephrase how many days does mayor have to override the council's veto rather?
because of integration where no make that what are growing beyond services of architects?
which physics er who concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to motion?
newton's third law analysis no asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to what?
what do low levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity no sorry tell me what is positively correlated to the duration of economic growth?
how much did the substantial endowments no the groton school charge per student for tuition in 2012?
what types of capital or i mean programs don't help to redistribute wealth?
what prohibition agent was also a founder no no an alumni at the university?
how many sea level drops no um major ice ages have occurred?
what independent schools no um sorry what category do all catholic schools fall into?
proper valuations happened in a financial uh i mean government project because of what by the owner?
what theory did niels jerne formulate no no instead tell me what jerne developed based on cst?
what does factorization no no what factors mark algebro-geometric objects?
who attends the anglican church no rather loreto normanhurst?
what is using service attacks sorry rather moral dialogue considered when not following the law?
the french no the english thought bringing what would uplift other regions?
how long was the polish, uhh i mean summer theatre in operation?
gravity sorry rather alpha decay is the most familiar effect of what force?
what tool do geophysical sorry stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions?
when did seven years war no i mean the north american french and indian war end?
what was or no make that who was one of the scientists for the public health england in 2014?
which or no make that how many temperature reconstructions were included in the second assessment report?
when or actually tell me what can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface?
when did lecturers no the harvard crimson publish its first issue?
how much of the soviet union or like afghanistan did the taliban take over?
what percentage of students in grundgesetz attended private schools in 1992 no 2008?
how much of a difference in homicide rates are related to the crime rate no sorry related to inequality no crime rate?
who were uh instead tell me how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have?
what theorem er what is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have?
there are sorry the two what are considered to be physically distinguishable?
what ejects pathogens from the exoskeleton, no scratch that, i meant the gastrointestinal tract?
in what year did the name \"black death\" spread into france no sorry germany?
what fields of study were not advanced during the nestorianism no the yuan?
how many clubs do the teacher or wait i mean the students at the university of model united nations run?
who, umm sorry, what is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber?
what is the study of amino acids erm uh proteins involved in immune response known as?
how many geomorphologic formations is warsaw no what is the edge of the moraine plateau called?
how were most city officials investigated in the 1960s no sorry how were they elected during that time?
what is the worlds largest academic and private museum or rather private library system?
what was er how much british military was in south america at start of war?
arpanet er instead telnet was sold to
the long no where is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located?
what is er who assembles the authors' contributions?
who was the uighur king of qocho no actually tell me who the karluk kara-khanid ruler was ranked above?
which sorry who was fredderic wola?
who did shi gang marry, i mean what kind of interethnic marriage became common in the jin dynasty?
the brotherhood's members are against consuming which or rather what beverage?
what type of impacts er motivators are food and shelter considered?
how many names did rinchinbal use or rather how old was toghun temur when he became emperor?
what was a tropical climate no the similar view about the asian continent not called?
who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity or rather tell me who was inspired by frank burnet's suggestion?
what partnership with local no which complex features flower-shaped buildings?
what acquired the umm condition results in immunodeficiency in humans?
what does the population-wide satisfaction no the utilitarian principle seek for the lowest number of people?
when was the non-muslim brotherhood founded no where?
what are peptides processed into no sorry what does the matching helper t cell release when it binds with the mhc:antigen complex of the b cell?
which provinces in australia oh no i mean canada actually extend the rights of pharmacists in prescribing?
what does uh instead what type of role that islamism seeks makes it not a controversial concept?
who developed transpac sorry datapac
what substances or rather what is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection?
what symbol was employed until early in the 20th century or i guess the 19th century?
what was implemented with an x.25 interface no cancel that tell me what helped x.25 networks?
what did the fledgling islamists uh sorrry the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige?
what direction do asthenosphere no sea currents and seafloor spreading always move in?
where was the famous artist tadeusz \u0141empicki er tamara de lempicka born?
what is the annual budget for the student government err i mean scavenger hunt?
what tax rate has an impact on income inequality no not that actually, i'd like to know what system has an impact on income inequality?
what do hormones effect no um produced during this time stop from interacting?
why did six colonial governors in north america why did british operation fail in 1755, 56, 57?
what process attributes significantly no no old wealth to those that already have it?
who did the ottoman, no, what was the capital of it?
what types or instead how many drugs approved by the fda in 2013 were specialty drugs?
who published william maclure no um william smith's geological map?
what are many hospital pharmacies shall we say instead form are most hospital medications forbidden from being?
how is wait why is giving a defiant speech sometimes more harmful for the individual?
how many private schools existed in wellington or rather in new zealand in april 2014?
what does civil disobedience no um sorry howard zinn believe should be removed?
how many miles from boston wow no how many academic units make up the school?
when did, or better yet, what chinese-style name did rinchinbal reject?
#value!
in the us v. burgos-andujar, the judge oops no why was a member of the navy's sentence increased?
to what city, ugh who did the army siege belong to?
how do a no rather where do a minority of consultant pharmacists tend to work?
where did the tran dynasty originate no no sorry where did it rule?
what is not a condition that causes cancer, or immunodeficiency actually?
what are pathogens that travel through the pathogens no the body looking for phagocytes called?
what was the soviet union trying to suppress or rather motivate with its army?
in what epidemic no country is seville located?
how do socialists think the financial assets no the means of production shouldn't be owned?
what is used no income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a larger share of it is know to economists by what term?
what do those in political office committed no refuse to sign when involved in civil disobedience?
what is the longest um no the shortest river in germany?
what did the american philosophical society do with the memoir what did they produce in 1809?
which or no make that what field involves the study of the immune system?
which is or make that what is the theory of evolution based on?
when dating rocks, where or actually what is the absolute isotopic date applied to?
why is majority rule used no sorry tell me why a physician may never diagnose a wide number of conditions?
who was president of the ipcc before rajendra k. pachauri, no it was actually, hoesung lee?
how no who does not define what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship?
by socialists, what is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to ?
what biologist no no um wait what political scientist is one of the founders of the theory of neoliberalism?
how many men did dinwiddie or no make that duquesne send to relieve saint-pierre?
advanced networking was coordinated no no developed by what sponsorship?
jules ferry thought that the \"higher races\" have an obligation or no make that a duty to what?
how long is the posterior rhine no the section that turns north?
who claimed that the name black death first appeared in like 1823 no wait 1631?
what is the river no no actually population of the netherlands?
what kind of or no principle relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut?
what is the most popular library in the harvard library system or rather what is the name of the centered library at harvard?
which is or no make what is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs?
what army was pushing why did the exiled polish government order the underground home army to seize control of stalin prior to the arrival of the red army?
who influenced bismark besides his mom or actually his neighbors?
what do all roman catholic groups i mean schools teach?
what did  no how was france the same as britain in managing its colonies?
how many miles will a person walk where they or no actually when they cross the john w. bridge?
when was the tar er instead the ipcc third assessment report published?
in what year what is engineering news-record?
how would one describe the winters no actually summers in fresno?
who influenced the fundamentalist sorry no non-taliban ideology?
tell me what brought warsaw's stock exchange to a stop holy moley really when it was brought back to life?
what form do unique, no, complex gaussian integers have?
what is the nickname rather is the least important natural region of the netherlands?
when was or no make that where was friedrich ratzel born?
why was ds-3 er instead the oc-12c considered a substantial engineering feat?
what are being taken by an individual swap that to outcomes expected with medication therapy management?
when was no sorry in what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass?
what does the substitution of automation or uh equipment for labor raise for workers?
what do i mean how do private schools in ireland different from most?
what are buckles facing downwards in a fault called no no let's say that the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards, what are they called?
where does the rhine the rhine discharges how much at the dutch border?
rather than taxation how are or rather what are private schools largely funded by?
where oh first in what year was \"the romantic rhine\" site built?
how many women were employed in construction in 2005 no no 2011 rather?
what nationality are no sorry make that what rates of health and social problems are in countries with low inequality?
what do self molecules bind to no correction what is a one class of self molecule?
what was suggested what did davies call the system?
what key term is typically defined in connection i mean is distinct from constitutional impasse?
what, sorry, who did kublai reject as ruler of korea?
which were um what were european countries not doing during the 1700's?
who were the trustees no um the main gothics designed by?
why are uh instead what is as important as identifying plague symptoms?
who or no rather what exposes organisms to infection?
what is the highest point of the rhine basin called no sorry the lowest?
when did vienna, make that prussia, become the center of the congress poland?
who lives longer, oh my bad, i mean what did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history?
what are shorter growth spells associated with no sorry not shorter but longer growth spells?
how does the price or actually what comparison in price is there between australian private schools and public?
where did wait actually when did the rhine straightening begin?
what populations enclosed an acute no occupied the foreign territory between the modern baden and w\u00fcrttemberg?
which is more costly,  formal, or informal imperialism or er what subtle tool can not be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
what percentage of the student population attended private schools as of april 2014 no no tell me what city, along with hamilton, wellington and christchurch, is one of the largest in new zealand?
recent studies believe that metazoa or uh ctenophores are the sister lineage to what?
where does newly created wealth concentrate no no let's go with oldly created wealth?
where no, sorry, when is antibody production higher than normal?
what was the significance no scratch that what was berlin the most diverse of in poland?
which group of mnemiopsis are hardest to study no sorry which group of ctenophore rather?
antibodies are transported no are transferred to the gut of the infant through what means?
what kind of, no hold up, what describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass?
a forced trade agreement between two states oh sorry countries would be an example of what?
what does education in an investment ugh i mean area where there is high demand for workers tend to create?
the principles of succession are presence no dependent on what thought?
whom was charles darwin no lyell influenced by?
what was no sorry where was the packet-switched network first demonstrated?
what three things are recommended before manufacturing oh sorry construction begins?
how much do ctenophore er do rotifers act as when looking for a meal?
what is instead uh who do coordinating lead authors report to?
what is no make that how is registered property held in informal form?
when was no how long was the leon theatre in operation?
how does or i mean what network type does x.25 use?
why was it developed in 1973, sorry that would be, 1983?
what is eliminated before sorry after the equity in the property?
who led, nope, what range of years was the current warming compared to?
what is the irish term for religious no i mean private schools?
what did speeches given by the navy violate the greater law no um what they mentioned about their treatment by protesters?
what was mastercard no sorry srodmiescie ranked the 7th greatest of?
what wasn't the purpose of william pitt's no the loudoun's troops at fort henry?
when did the sorry i mean what didn't happen as a result of the russo-japanese war?
when did barton, no actually, who kept the full records on climate research?
when was instead what was the seven years war?
europe first colonized the americas, then asia, but what continent was second i mean fourth?
which group have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes, muscles, a nervous system and sensory organs no which two groups?
for the the presence of skilled workers, what impact did the high school education movement have ?
how does less education lead to when working no what does it lead to?
what is a term for religious groups or no make that for schools that receive government assistance?
what was established in 1816 er is the second academic school of technology in poland?
which effect or no rather what effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in poorer countries?
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no mathematical benefit no, rather military benefit?
when was wait what was the end of the war of the australian succession?
what are the quantum mechanics no the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model?
what part of the rhine flows through low uh rather north rhine-westphalia?
what is example of a prescription i mean of a controlled substance?
what is uh maybe what rocks are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what?
what is this kind of trigger no rather response activated by plants?
when was the ipcc trust fund start i mean founded?
what role in academic or i mean in economics did the university play a major part in?
why can people, uh, what issues can't prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education?
what aspect of the nestorian christians of the yuan court of western medicine did the chinese dislike?
what, sorry, which nobel memorial prize in british sciences is an alumni?
what condition er assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5, then, according to fermat's theorem, what type of decimal will 1/p always be?
what was the chinese name for tibetan affairs oh rather the central secretariat?
when rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut, then formations no they must be older or younger than the fault?
when are no how many people belong to the university's board of trustees?
which administer no um university's college grants academic majors in 30 subject areas?
what is the, no, how many research centers does the university run on campus?
what do dispensary or like i guess pharmacy technicians depend on more and more?
how high no sorry where is the lowest point of wesola located?
how common are organisms umm rather copepods in other places?
what happened to the east india trading company in 1599 er 1766?
did the rand corporation retain any of the messages or rather research?
in what year was the dutch or no make that the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon written?
when did or actually what actor starred in the men in black?
what is a regulatory factor i meant to say are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens?
what are \"wrecking amendments\" designed to make, i mean encourage further?
which research err rather study suggests that previous estimates were overstated?
what river does warsaw, nope, berlin straddle?
what year er where is the newest pharmacy stated to be located?
who rather what was abolished during the apartheid era?
prior to the fire, what architect was prominent in raleigh, uh, jacksonville, rather?
what entities are excluded from the federal health care system no wait which entities are included not?
what advancements besides explosives, no i mean military technology did europe not achieve?
what was er instead the nsf developed into what through public funding and private partnerships?
how was er what took place during the mexian war?
what was the source of the rhine in the last ice age no sorry what was the source of the rhine during the current last ice age?
how far does no make that how long is the upper rhine plain?
on which day did queen elizabeth ii or rather queen elizabeth i open the new scottish parliament building?
what were who were scientists intimidated by?
when was no where was francis heisler taken after the protest?
what did the, sorry sorry, what created a centralized router or server?
when was warsaw completely preserved umm i mean razed to the ground by bombing raids?
no imperialism was divided i mean nope carried out using which method of transport?
in 2010, how many people lived in i mean what part of the population of fresno was white?
who runs first tell me what is the german term for segregating students based on their parents' wealth?
when did no where were british defeated in canada?
when was the um no in what year was scott and duncan's research published?
who was the karluk kara-khanid no the uighur king of qocho ranked below?
what is the derivative of an object's changing gravity uh or rather momentum called?
what university or more particularly buildings held the milton friedman institute?
is the connection sorry the packet header long?
along with public schools, how did or uh what type of school was recognized under the south african schools act?
what concept did philosophers in antiquity use in the study of stationary and moving objects or rather to study simple machines?
what are the harvard pell grant reserves no the endowment total there in 2011?
what posesses or uh better yet what only exists outside of jawed vertebrates?
how were or no make that what were the non-native inhabitants of australia called?
what is known of enzymes mechanisms oops i mean known for adapting and evolving slowly?
what did the united states do imperialistic tendencies like i mean what was the plan to subdue such tendencies?
in what universe describes or uh would a falling cannonball land in front of the mast of a moving ship?
what political er what do conservative researchers feel shouldn't be a measure of inequality?
older people get less sun and produce more or wait less of what chemical via uvb radiation?
what is inequality credited to no associated with lower levels of?
how many or make that what may be possible for multiple kuznets' cycles to be in at any given time?
who were later, no who were later yuan emperors isolated with?
when is the term private school never used in canada or no make that in the us?
how do instead what type of geologists give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks?
what century did the french adopt the gaulish or uh the germanic vocalism rin-?
when was the strongly influenced delta no the holocene?
which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire no not a remnant?
the emplacement of dike swarms are a result of looking for causes of hillslopes and channel erosion? "," what activity er what causes hillslopes and channels to erode?
for the liberals, the former party leader no no a main disappointment was what?
what is taking evidence from witnesses an example of, according to the committees?
ctenophores uh no cypiddids are not what?
most online pharmacies do what?
james hutton presented what paper to the royal society of edinburgh in 1795 uh i guess 1785?
how many country villages can be found at the middle rhine no the unesco world heritage site?
when is the first reference in history to vienna, sorry warsaw?
what experiments can be used to explain beside magma chamber evolution or no make that magma crystallization?
during what branch no um ages were the limes germanicus built?
who stated that that the public opinion on client change sees no imminent danger er scientific ignorance was what caused uncertainties of global warming?
what reason is given that you should also justified public companies no protest public companies?
where did ht succeed in pulling off a bloodless coup in 1969, uh, 1974?
which is, actually, what is one country that can't be suggested for importation of medicines?
where is the autumn hall well really jamboree hosted?
the rebellions err rather independence of which parliament tends to be high?
which is the or no rather what is the term when top income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves?
how much did charles l hutchinson or no silas b. cobb pledge to the university?
how or i mean what is volume normally as concentrated as?
what did african wait no european empires rely on to supply them with resources no they did not rely on?
who was the creator no wait created arpanet?
what is a reason or why would one want to give a speech?
western governments considered islamists to be the veteran no worse of two evils when compared to whom?
what method i mean what are biogeochemical pathways used to decipher?
what title did the western new york militia no the sioux give johnson?
how was no why was the kleitman-aserinsky experiment conducted?
what popular physicist no environmentalist is also a university alumni member?
in what dynasty did yan shi or no make that tianze die?
what does the\u007f rhine no rather untersee mean?
what kind of population i mean food source do turtles and jellyfish consume in large amounts?
how is er what are refineries often called?
what no make that who refuses to lead the islamic state?
stage 2 of the bill is where who the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it oh no who is in charge of the bill?
level 3 communications was retired and the new platform is called what no sorry it i meant abilene not level 3?
when was er how did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989?
which species moves by swimming no sorry not swimming but by a darting motion?
what is the name of the trial or uh process which confirms the primality of a number n?
what do spanish uhh french construct shortly before losing florida?
bassett focuses on who i mean what to illustrate his idea?
who voted against no um for jacksonville's annexation?
by what process i mean when is short-term active memory acquired?
though the name was correct, all these services were managed by what no i mean who?
what dilemma or instead tell me what two women were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of exodus?
what does data link, oh sorry, frame relay provide?
who ranked warsaw as 22nd most liveable city in europe, oh actually, in the world?
unsurprisingly, the mujahideen's victory with the democratic republic of afghanistan, no no, the soviets in the 1980s succeeded to produce what?
in 2005 how many employees were contractors no um employed by the government?
what are or no make that how are analog models different than numerical models?
what uprising or no when was the ming dynasty in power?
what characteristic in recent years has been weakly tied with social problems, oh make that, health in developed countries?
who spread funding, oops i mean, awareness of national networking?
which company provided streetcar connections between first street on the west to cedar avenue no sorry between downtown and the hospital?
what type of bachelor's degree programs no i mean requirement does the college's common core require?
whose occupation of iraq no kuwait did the saudi drats sorry us military personal seek to put an end to?
what group's or what session is the scottish parliament in?
what teaching option no sorry school option were parents of minority children given to convert to?
what does pumping water into ctenophores no wait i meant the mesoglea do?
who or rather what is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs?
what is a eicosanoids no a rare cytokine?
could only apple devices utilize inter-network routing no this suite?
where there no make that when there is a side that agrees to a lot for a little what happens to the cost?
the jazz jamboree is one of what what hosted by warsaw is warsaw summer jazz days?
what, rather than islamism, principles no requires no explanation?
what or rather which job does not require that the member be a citizen of the uk?
who refused to act until montcalm approved plans no i meant loudoun?
what made ohio country vulnerable scratch that safe?
how no what is latency between nodes?
what current course oh no what stretched across middle europe in the last ice age?
when did the no in what year did the black death originate in central asia?
what do stratigraphers no i meant computers analyze in the lab?
when do um where do most students at the groton school come from?
to what extent did leibniz i mean fermat confirm the validity of euler numbers?
how many projects a year does no wait the warsaw gallery weekend is held when?
who captured or how were british unable to cut supplies to louisbourg?
what year uh who was the first president of the ipcc?
what natural resources did the chinese government have pardon i meant not have a monopoly on?
what factors positively impacted jacksonville following the war or rather negatively impacted it after the war?
how are the no let me ask, what type of medium is a 10base5 radio?
when was most of the sunnyside country club developed no sorry sunnyside itself?
how are those i mean what are those with higher incomes often unable to manage?
where  did two of triton's daughters set out on a journey through no change that to where did one of triton's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay?
what is the name of the person who created the first aviation community no sorry just the name of the first built community?
why were uh nevermind, harold wilson published a report in what year?
what does the national museum er the museum of the riding army portray the history of?
some researchers believe that what is the earliest-diverging animal phylum?
what happens if a member doesn't vote the party line no cancel that and tell me what can often be predicted beforehand?
where does hamas want to establish an islamic state or rather where do they not want to?
what is, um i mean, do certain packets take priority over others if sent at the exact same time?
in what year no what is the citation for the pierce v. society of sisters case?
who was or instead what did polo call the yuan capital?
how or wait why does the government restrain itself when engaging in disobedience?
what is the place no sorry name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river?
which reports er uh what is one of the two assessment reports published in 2011?
who plotted or uh what does kuznets' curve predict about income inequality given time?
which no what theory accounted for the mercury problem?
how is bandwidth no packet switching characterized?
who went to fort duquesne in june 1745 no i guess july 1755?
when did the recovery of the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow down or wait i want to know when economists reached a conclusion without the s&p's rating agency?
circuit switching charges a fee for communication no no um transferring what kind of information?
the college, or rather, the university enrolled 3,468 students in the college and how many in it's graduate divisions?
which kind or no make that what type of defense is sometimes used in court by protesters?
what happened to vice president cohen or make that vice president agnew's status in modern times?
what naval battles did france send funds to briain's ally on the mainland i meant just lose ok in 1795?
in what setting do microscopic analysis uh hmm no structural geologists reconstruct the crystalline structure of rocks?
what happens when the disorder umm i mean immune system less active than normal?
what civilization expanded no sorry was the first known to clearly study prime numbers?
what cells plant no just cells undergo slow apoptosis?
what is a criticism of online pharmacies that don't require prescriptions no sorry ahh what is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription?
what was um what lands weren't reserved for natives?
what game er sorry river is located near cornell university?
who was no what university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory?
what didn't no in what kind of fluid are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients?
who was the second i mean first cetrum president?
how does investments no inequality help growth?
where did kublai move the yuan, scratch that, the mongol capital to?
which theorem states that all large even no odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes?
how much resources were british no um french placing in south america?
what theme was ghandi's work called or really what did he begin the mask of anarchy with?
how many miles north of downtown fresno is the tower theatre or no make that the tower district neighborhood?
which is one of the park features located in downtown fresno no sorry located in north fresno?
the pedestrian mall was renamed what?
what is the name of the timeline uh like epoch expanded in the second scale?
in what year, uh sorry let me ask instead, how many people protested the school assimilation program in malaysia?
what is used to analyze or rather view the properties of crystals?
what type of, no i want to ask, what can drill cores and ancient processes be combined to show?
what journal er which society was responsible for the publication of the joint statement?
when was iqbal elected vice president of the muslim league no sorry tell me what he discouraged ending when he promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity?
who which company provides train service owns the california high speed rail?
what did gasquet's book blame the justinian plague on or rather bubonic plague?
where no wait how did war start?
what antibody er uh what people are least vulnerable to infection?
who sold er when was the upper rhine sold to burgundy?
what kind of b cells or no make that t cells kills cells that are infected with pathogens?
what did instead how was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems?
what do some people think act up's duty should be when pleading not guilty, sorry, i mean when caught?
what rule oh no actually where did iroquois confederation control?
who took the prince ugh throne after kusala's death?
where is instead what is the name for the social science program used in urban primary and secondary schools?
how did scientists sample the dna/rna of yersinia pestis no no tell me how they assessed the dna / rna?
gateways allowed public no i mean private companies to do what?
when did no in what year was j.i. pontanus born?
when did no from what years did st. elizabeth live in the hollands diep bay?
which idea or uh like theory states that slow geological processes are still occurring today, and have occurred throughout earth's history?
what are other common causes of fatalities in dangerous occupations in the united states, er i mean in the world?
what does uh better what is the most recent example of financial fault lines?
who kept or rather who was chairman of the house science committee?
who had military control during the tang or no the yuan?
in what century did abolition of apartheid no missionaries notably establish church schools in south africa?
how were some modern economic inequalities redistributed in terms of wealth no no no destroyed?
according to benjamin disraeli no um lenin why must capitalistic countries not have an imperialistic policy?
what did maududi think required the establishment of an islamic state no what did he believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of?
how much is a ctenophores er instead rotifer able to eat in one day?
when were ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ahh actually i want to know when were fish larvae accidentally introduced into the black sea?
what can lead to higher wages for members of labor organizations or rather what has the tendency to decrease wages in a field or job position?
which is no uh make what is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them?
what caused the shortage no drove increased rental prices in east new york?
killer t cells, erm, cytokine tbf-b suppresses the activity of what cell, modes no no types?
what type, well actually, what category are schools put into that maintain a line between academics and religion?
how many receptors on a helper t cell must be bound to a helper t cell i mean mhc:antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated?
when did goldbach or wait landau propose his four conjectural problems?
what was the name given to a section of thorne ave in efforts to change the areas image no sorry scratch thorne ave, i meant kearney boulevard?
what possible abolitionist no um percentage of students attended private schools in grundgesetz in 1992?
what did uh who was the first known european to visit china and return?
what category instead what type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum?
who helped designed the university of chicago or more specifically like the main quadrangles?
what does deterrence no focusing on morality help a judge to achieve?
what is the major river no tributary of the rhine?
how do um no i mean what is the irish term for school fees?
what isn't er when wasn't king george's war?
what does or like why should one not go to jail?
deceleration can be directly proportional no described through what?
what causes no what compounds are released by injured or infected cells, triggering inflammation?
how do cydippids ahh actually tell me how bathocyroe and ocyropsis manage to escape danger?
where are um no when what are packed together loosely is there not enough lower energy?
what is one medication no one factor that decreases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level?
where did abercrombie slip away to attack, left largely protected no where did moncalm?
which religion did kublai prefer or rather which one did he reject?
under which or no rather what condition is an element irreducible?
what divides downtown fresno no sorry what is significant about the age of downtown fresno?
when  did warsaw's stock exchange decline or rather when was it's first stock exchange established?
name something that is reconstructed no sorry something that is analyzed by computers in the lab?
who did poland or no rather warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529?
what percentile of gross domestic product does manufacturing comprised no sorry what percentage does construction comprise?
how does did user of tymnet attach oh boy i can't talk connect?
how do regimes not change oh fight against cultural imperialism?
which no wait what century did maurus servius honoratus give his commentary on the aeneid of vergil to herodotus?
what are jawed vertebrates no um anti.. antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called?
how many former city officials were elected no investigated by the grand jury?
how were er when aren't inequalities in wealth justified, according to john rawls?
in which resurgence oh no continent besides asia were major gains made by the asia empire in the late 19th century?
the plague was present where where is geoffrey parker from?
the apache point observatory is located where?
what allows the adaptive immune system to retain or wait react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered?
what group er how did the camden 28 describe their actions to the court?
how many main flows are branched off from the angeren no um nederrijn?
what was hollywood known as no forget that what title did jacksonville's popularity for films earn it?
where did french or tell me what was their population in south america?
what was invented in 1888 that revolutionized warfare or i guess 1880?
what is no make that how is utility distribution further divided?
who was victorious in the 2015 no the 2005 uk election?
what is the dispensary limited, oops, subject to in a minority of countries?
j. a. hobson excuse me sorry what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism?
how is the prime number p in chebyshev's no, in bertrand's postulate expressed mathematically?
how does the temperature of magma change no the flow?
why are oceanic species tough no coastal species?
what impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor no wait i want to know what is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of?
what did, uh sorry, when was europe fully forested and recovered from the last ice age?
what is not caused by infections ugh disorders of the immune system?
what will banks no maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the vistula?
what was thought to decide a person's behavior hah uh were the two forms of environmental determinism?
what non-dynasty came after the ming er sorry the yuan?
the second master plan led to the construction of buildings where, partner me i meant the third master plan?
what usually no what are three types of sediment partilces that have been found?
what was developed in the summer of 1962 no um 1961?
how much did it rain in 1885 no in um 1962?
what symbols no no what countries use a blue stylized a to signify pharmacy?
what does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain scratch that and tell me what the currently flooded terrace have that is still visible?
which month, or rather, parliament typically sits from february to late what?
who is er what is the translation of siebengebirge?
how many no what had the number of people living in warsaw declined to by 1951 sorry 1945?
which arts were often developed no practiced together by the same artists?
where no i mean who was the vice president in 1962?
when was the yuan administration um no who were exempt from the ministry of justice?
what did the nif try to divide i mean unify islamist opposition against?
what would or uh what can sympathetic jurors in cases with civil disobedients?
what was robert watson's error i mean role in the ipcc?
when did the varsovians enlargement take place no the warsaw area?
in which etude of prime numbers no neumes rythmiques does the prime 19 appear in?
what denomination is the diocesan school for girls in cambridge i mean in auckland affiliated with?
how do competing businesses inequality no sorry repel workers?
what glass flowers exhibit is included in the harvard art museum, scratch that, in the busch-reisinger museum?
how did chinese medicine stay in one place no change that to how many schools of medicine were recognized in japan?
there's a unesco world heritage site in the rhine gorge between the koblenz and who umm rather what?
what toxin induces dysfunctional no no apoptosis in the target cell?
what are the peptides nope not that but proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens?
where did no uh i meant where was halford mackinder born?
when was the first known historical reference to immunity or rather when is the latest known reference to immunity?
for how many years wait no i meant which projections suggested that temperatures would rise, but that sea levels would decrease?
where is no make that what nationality is the architect enric miralles?
who or no make that what encouraged cultural exchange under the yuan?
when was marin's first fort constructed, sorry i meant where?
who was maria curie, actually tell me who was fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric chopin?
who was the qocho no the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked below?
when did income inequality what sector are jobs beginning to decrease?
what impact did this loss no no sorry this win have on abercrombie?
what exposes organisms to infection oops immune system is activated by the innate response?
what umm well type of climate does jacksonville have?
what medicine can lead to a increase wait no decline in fungi?
roughly how much is the student government's income sorry i meant budget?
what was st. augustine renamed to after the spanish attack no fort caroline?
when did no where did british soldiers live?
what does memory or uh vaccination not exploit?
what was the name of the infamous warsaw sorry i meant german heroic prison?
what was originally built as headquarters of the pre-2004 umm i mean pre-1875 midlothian county council?
what is used to formalize stress-tensor no to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object?
how often does the city council divide itself no are elections for the mayor held?
who was the actor or what actor starred in the movie saving private ryan?
this project structure allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction sorry these project structures?
who was an important figure in the remains of no the twentieth-century islamic revival in india?
who is or no make that what is responsible for speeding up or slowing down an object?
what is the name of the area that the allston neighborhood no main campus is centered in cambridge?
what is another word for the oceanic lithosphere no the earth's upper mantle?
what river joins the rhine in duisburg no scratch that and tell me what contributed to water pollution in the rhine?
what are no i meant which countries use the red greek cross as a symbol of pharmacy?
what region of the rhine um actually what decreased the rate of flow and caused the ground water level to rise?
who is the founder of oracle no sorry microsoft and the third richest man in america?
a higher capacity network like er what was the first internet2 network named
how does no wait what happens when one plate touches another?
what did slavic origin no vrisovci own?
who  serves as microsoft and mf global ceo no sorry tell me who serves as the chairman of microsoft and the nba commissioner?
the central pacific railroad incorporated no established a traction wait station for its new line in what year?
what is the highest temperature no no i mean the most snow fresno has ever had?
what tool er what part of a uniform must you wear if you go to public school in australia?
when using a deterministic no a probabilistic algorithm, how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically?
what did niels jerne formulate before the 1950s no frank burnet?
when did rather who did the yuan's decrease in commerce help? "," who did the mongols decrease in commerce help no the yuan's?
what does the node i mean the address information negotiate?
where is the sunnyside country club located in fresno no no sorry i meant the neighborhood of sunnyside?
who was old france's governor no sorry who won the battle of lake niagara?
what is another term for tectonic plates, ack, i mean sea currents, so what is another term for them?
for what certificate does the government no the legislature conduct examinations?
how or rather when an activated killer t cell finds cells where the mhc 1 receptor has specific antigens, it releases cytotoxins such as what?
when was uh um what did iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society?
what is the old frankish no sorry proto-germanic adaptation of the name of the rhine?
what office was held by john f. kennedy um no george w. bush?
how old or rather how many successors of kublai was toghun the last of?
what impacts or like what is income inequality attributed to?
what did donald davies i mean paul baran develop?
how can or uh what is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences?
when did no what is the least controversial aspect of imperialism?
what was the basis mentioned for the development of the principle of inertia, scratch that, for the development of the general theory of relativity?
what do x.25 and frame relay both provide no sorry what do they require?
what type of cascade results when plasma membrane no a complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity?
when three er uh what must be specified in order to account for their effects on the motion of the head?
who wrote or no who authored the liber servitoris?
what is the oldest known rock in the world no sorry what has happened to the the rock in the grand canyon that is the oldest rock in the world?
what is hard to find about the origin of canadian no the grand canyon rock unless analyzed in a lab?
by justification certain racial and geographical theories, europe ugh i should have said asia thought of itself as what?
which or rather what methods do petrologists use to examine rocks out in the field?
what project is or actually i mean what helps the owner in design and construction?
what is the process of many biological structures no what system and processes that protect an organism from cold?
who decided umm i mean thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity?
where did umm no i mean when did the holocene end?
what year er who stated a change of the length of the rhine?
what is the no i mean how would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary english speakers?
what does  crystals under a microscope i mean the orientation of the thin sections tell geologists?
who leads daesh or no make that the islamic state?
when or what year was wisconsin v. yoder decided at the supreme court?
when is the oldest armed seal of varsoviensis or i meant seal ofwarsaw from?
which hypothesis no conjecture holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes?
before the elapsed time no the bill has been passed, it becomes an act of what?
the north saw themselves as what compared to the west, no the east?
what isn't the gender income inequality in botswana, sorry, i mean bahrain?
when were i mean how were some modern economic inequalities created?
how many stories or like how tall is the bank of america tower?
besides leibniz, what er instead in what year did pierre de fermat declare euler's little theorem?
what is one thing diffused no no um measuring in crystal lattices shows in ash layers?
what agreement was made for permission no for trade with natives and british?
who has the no no i mean what happens if a member doesn't vote the party line?
who first er the rhine first formed a boundary between gaul and what else?
what did no rather who did not mastermind many terror attacks?
how long uh instead when does the presiding officer put motions on the questions?
what happens or who is usually working together?
when was the fso tico factory purchased oops i mean founded?
what species or uh more broadly genus has self-fertilization been seen?
what was the average family size sorry i should have said household size?
colonization is responsible for the slow spread of what, sorry i meant imperialism, and the spread of what is it responsible for?
what restaurants no sorry what communities avoid tower district?
who did britain exploit in africa no india?
what was sorry which country besides the cuba did the united states not try to annex in 1898?
what do contractors verify and have existing utility lines marked or better inspect during building construction?
why is the, oh actually, what values are negotiable?
what is a variation uh instead pathogen that does not use antigenic variation?
how did the plague infiltrate damascus no sorry alexandria?
what year was the mass high school education movement?
what does or instead what is ppp?
what measures or instead levels of what things are used to determine emission factors?
the success of pathogens is successfully no is predicated on their ability to do what?
in an ideal moral society, who argues uh first what would no citizens be free from?
what supplanted lapd er frame relay and x.25
what should be done when talking to authorities or rather avoided in this situation?
why was uh where was the rhine regulated with an upper canal?
what kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the scottish or no make that the edinburgh tram network?
when degradation no economic inequality is smaller, more waste and pollution is?
what is the name of the development no the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is prime?
how old er what act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the sp must adhere?
about many schools no sorry students attend kunskapsskolan schools?
who discovered or rather what area did the mocama inhabit in 2500 bc?
who retained no developed the theory of relativity?
when did genghis khan no no mongke khan become great khan?
in april 2013, how many new zealand students attended private schools no 2014?
when did maududi exert the least impact no where did he exert?
what chinese or no make that khitan leader rejected the mongols?
what kind of summers or no rather winters does jacksonville have along with hot and dry summers?
how far does kearney boulevard stretch before reaching kerman, california no sorry tell me how long is fresno street?
what is one way to use pure speech to connect jeez i mean reach as much people as possible to protest?
who was uh no what is the medieval esteve pharmacy used as at present?
what does rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in globalization wait no expanding the income gap?
how long did it take for thoreau's essay no scratch that, how long did it take his disobedience to be known?
what hormone sorry chemical does the skin produce less of as a person ages?
if you do not know both the magnitude and direction of two forces on an object, how would you or no rather what would you call that situation?
who did or what is the name of the post-independence government school system in malaysia?
what rituals did karakorum or is his name kublai follow to destroy his image?
in what yeard did henry ware die i mean was he elected to chair?
the capabilities approach needs or actually has what goal?
what is the name of the french colony established in 1882 or maybe 1564?
who has the task of instructing members how to vote let's say ensuring that party members don't vote according to party line?
which was what was one of the problems solved by the kyoto protocol?
who was kublai khan's grandfather no sorry uncle?
who managed datanet 1 for dutch ptt telecom no for kpn?
what does rotifers sorry i mean coastal beriods use as teeth?
what appearance no no what are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system?
what did er whose work corrected aristotle's physics in the seventeenth century?
what is the second level  of territorial division in poland no the basic unit there?
what 2012 report no sorry 2011 report was requested by the ipcc?
what type or uh what area has become attractive for restaurants?
who was or uh what is the full official city name of miasto?
in what treatment um, actually, what are associated with the transfer of cold?
where is actually i mean what do matrix components show about how magma flows?
what is negatively correlated to the duration of gdp or make that of economic growth?
in what type of problem, sorry, ring can prime ideals be used for validating number theory?
some chinese considered ming, sorry the yuan a legitimate dynasty, but what did other chinese think it was?
how is no uh make that what is the nervous system made up of?
what are community no internet pharmacies also called?
when was or what was rather the chinese name of gou's math?
what was the most rainfall recorded in july err rather june?
when was iqbal elected president of the muslim league no no when was he elected vice president?
what did john paul ii's visits in 1973 and 1989 celebrate or wait encourage?
the presence of what or make that of who is highly likely even in small projects?
what uprising ended in 1354 or i mean 1351?
nsf grew to connect how many universities ahh actually tell me what nsf installed as one of the first in february 1999?
when was no in what century did all of the dead branches dry up?
what river does the carpathian mountains no does warsaw straddle?
umm so what type of professionals do pharmacists lack?
how many naval bases are located in jacksonville no not naval but marine bases in jacksonville?
how do other ctenophores no no researchers believe porifera evolved and developed its neural cells?
what country often uses other symbols like the green greek cross i mean the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy?
who made no wait was influenced by early medieval ideas?
what branches off from the rhine or wait i meant from dordrecht?
which direction did the rhine flow oy no by how much was the north sea lower in the last cold phase than it is today?
to what port err i mean city in sicily did the genoese traders flee to?
how long was vienna no warsaw the capital of the duchy commonwealth?
who named thorne ave no sorry who preferred the brookhaven section?
when did great khan leave oh when did mongke khan kill him?
what did people think about geological no catastrophism during charles darwin's time?
what happens before the contractors no um the foundation is dug and when a final inspection is passed?
what city, sorry, building was a gift from the soviet union?
what airport or wait park is close to john lennon street?
how many of jacksonville city's residents are younger than 18 or rather older than eighteen?
what streams er mountain range contains lake constance?
why are ediacaran eoandromeda extremely rare as fossils no no i wanted to know why ctenophores extremely rare as fossils?
in what type of ramification er uh ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity?
when didn't the term capitalism no the imperialism first come to be used by its current definition?
how long is no what is the name for bend of rhine in basel?
when were joseph, oh un actually, hobson argued that imperialism wasn't an international what?
which region instead what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare?
what continues no wait what are three things the role of the main contractor is?
who has the ability to alter income tax in scotland by up to 33 pence or rather who does not have this ability?
what occurs or rather  is an example of the abnormal force in action?
what are no sorry where are the most settlements located?
what would it guarantee for research institutions no for harvard if they attracted wealthy students?
in the wake of the jacksonville fire, what did the north carolina or uh better florida governor do?
what term don't muslim yes no islamists think should be applied to them?
le grande also stated or uh wrote that defining the term civil disobedience so difficult it could be described as?
when was qutb renounced er uh executed?
how did or uh who was on celeron's expedition?
what type of or rather, what type of medicine did non-mongol shamans use?
who realized that the effects of gravity might be observed differently at smaller distances no sorry who realized that gravitational deceleration was proportional to mass?
who is named or no make that what is named for its resemblance to dendritic cells?
when was the cow ford er like jacksonville town charter approved?
which no make that what did stratigraphic correlation replace?
what type or rather how do socialists think the means of production should be owned?
what was third i mean the second assessment report lacking in it?
when did maududi ahh actually tell me when the muslim brotherhood was founded?
who was er when did maududi found the jamaat-e-islami party?
when did no sorry where does aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements?
what carries a significant amount of the rhine flow through france or wait tell me what caused significant changes in the lower rhine region?
what is not a trigger sorry that's not a symptom of type i hypersensitivity?
scientists found their y. pestis sample where?
what is the law named that what are the electrostatic and magnetic force written as the sum of?
who is a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient make that modern greece?
how many people lived in warsaw oh no no i meant poland in 1939?
dendritic cells are named that because they link er uh resemble what?
why were southern chinese i mean northern chinese ranked higher?
when did what centuries did the roman times take place within?
what is is a cnidarian no a ctenophora?
which parliament has the power to legislate the terms of reference of the scottish parliament no sorry which parliament has no power to amend the terms?
the first item of business on wednesdays in the house of lords are invitations no are usually what?
the term imperialism has never been applied to western countries, and which imperialism no eastern county?
who established no sorry what type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine?
how much organization or uh support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes?
how many troops were defeated for british at fort frontenac no in the battle of carillon?
in what types of organisms did the adaptive immune system first evolve no wait antigen specificity allows responses that are specific to certain types of what?
what can the growth elasticity of inequality or no make that of poverty depend on?
how fast can no sorry actually how many types of flagella are there?
where is the highest point of the german-swiss no the rhine basin?
what is the private school no the swedish word for school voucher?
in what year did the clergy uh plague begin in england?
when would civil disobedience no sorry when would a person be considered to be exercising a constitutional impasse?
what on top of a fault that are cut are always older oy principle helps define the key bed?
what did a, uh no, when did galor and zeria show old information about inequality?
what is  no what compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies?
what created or instead apple inc created what in 1985?
how many legions no no wars did the romans have along the rhine?
who has a system for companies that have financial responsibility of completing a service, no a project?
what is one of the minor functions of the wmo, sorry about that i mean the ipcc?
when did bombing raids oh no warsaw palace start to rebuild?
when was the first geological map of the u.s produced no sorry of the entire earth not just the u.s?
what are principal chambers no committees in the scottish parliament compared to other systems?
what do the commission of or no um what do the academic bodies of the university of chicago medical center consist of?
why was nsfnet no nsfus initially created?
what did joseph haas say in his email actually scratch that what was he arrested for?
what shows the location of drill cores or rather what computer program allows stratigraphers to observe the subsurface in three dimensions?
what is the most revered skin color in south, oh wait, latin america?
#value!
drugs can start or no elicit a neutralizing immune response at what size and larger?
where is or uh who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction?
where have jellyfish, oh no i mean herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton?
who did the muslims or no make that the mongols bring to china as administrators?
what cools in the matrix or rather what is it?
what does inequality no the high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries?
what did, my bad, who did abercrombie replace as captain in chief?
what other name, actually, other two names is state route 168 and the sierra freeway called?
how actually why were the uighurs ranked lower by the mongols?
who takes control when or rather what can a contingency plan suffer from?
how did the way of life no the lower material living standards lead to for most of human history?
what does the largest no um the smallest and northern main branch begins as?
when did the university what institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008?
the central pacific railroad was part of no scratch that what were the reasons why residents moved to the town of fresno station?
what total electorate wait sorry what percentage of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it?
what is the largest city the swiss alps runs through no the rhine river?
what is abilene no wait internet2 rather?
in what battles were the mongols battled no defeated by the tran?
who is presented no viewed as the first modern geologist?
what cells do not carry receptor molecules or wait tell me what killer b cells recognize?
when was uh instead what aren't other alternative names for french and indian war?
when was al-hudaybi no qutb born?
how did king louis xv respond to french correction british plans?
fielding h. garrison believes what er living from 973\\\\u20131048 ce he was one of the earliest persian geologists, what was his name?
what route serves or actually what connects fresno with the california central valley?
when did no no didn't british begin to build fort under william trent?
what type no while competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker, whose competition drives wages up for the inverse?
which conjecture er theorem states that every large even integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime?
what event was won by yale in 1920 or rather what stadium was built in 1920?
who wrote freakonomics and is also a physicist no an anthropologist?
how did or no make that what did carter wentworth hand out in court to escape prosecution?
in the capabilities approach, neoliberalism no sorry grow and income are considered a means to an end rather than what?
what is  a secondary goal no the main one of trying to get jury nullification during trial?
a dollar spent by a richer person or rather a poor person is likely to provide what for them?
what areas did the pennsylvania um no no the english recruit natives from?
when are killer t cells damaged no no deactivated?
what is the goal of widespread change no individual civil disobedience?
how was no who founded woodward park?
which religion er what was kublai's least favorite sect of tibetan buddhism?
what gene converts vitamin d oh no calcitriol into calcidiol?
when did or actually what did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan's economy in?
what did the loss mean to france the win that is?
where no sorry when had the six ministries existed?
who granted royal assent to the united kingdom or no make that scotland act of 1988?
how does or no make that what does yeke mongghul ulus mean?
how many beds does the polish medical facilities no the maria memorial health institute have?
how do general question times take place rather on what day?
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite value, oh sorry i mean an infinite number of primes?
how quickly is the sea level rising, sorry, dropping?
what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament does not apply no wait applies to scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons?
what was the total nominal gdp of warsaw in 2008, oh make that in 2010?
what did persistent poverty or no make that unemployment have a negative effect on?
what are private schools, no, government schools also called in india?
what does not explain the failure of vaccines directed at the parasite trypanosoma brucei, oops, the hiv virus i mean?
what can changes in organisms no in habitat be used to provide about formations?
how many er uh what do b cells help t cells produce?
what is a rare inflammatory oops no i mean autoimmune disease?
what is used to enhance the effects of inflammation no change this to what is not a side effect of glucocorticoids?
what are two examples of nonself entities in accordance with niels jerne's or rather, frank burnet's theory?
when did no who did abercrombie replace as commander in chief?
building construction instead tell me what infrastructure is often called?
how will or no make that what will be the importance of the pharmacist in past decades?
halford mackinder and friedrick ratzel were what kind of geographers or no make that what kind of philosophers?
which or no uh make that what group prepares the bid for work?
when did kublai allow the international mongol slave trade no when did he ban it?
who developed, no wait, the deutsce bundespost bought what kind of interface look a likes?
what is the idea or wait an example of an ineffective and absurd act according to julia butterfly hill?
why did harvard reintroduce its early admission program no sorry why did they end their early admission program?
the production of what signalling molecules is regulated by vitamin d, oh sorry, the immune system?
which organization does the wmo, ugh i mean the unfccc processes support?
what  is an example of a virus oh actually what are the less complex mechanisms used to do?
how many or rather what opportunity did barack obama support for swedish children?
when did the university reach the big ten no the sweet seventeen?
what publication was written by shiphrah and puah ohh rather stephen eilmann?
what play by sophocles no um oedipus, demonstrates civil disobedience?
why is it important to perform stable isotope, wait no, why is it important to precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section?
who wrote or what i actually want to know is when was the study on sequenced y genomes published?
the average contractor's revenue whoops no i meant hired how many employees?
was the um no let's go with, what group was trained at cambridge in 1643?
what can oh i mean what is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world?
what did artur oppman oh sorry shoot uh artur triton give to the world?
the orange revolution occurred in what what is the definition of germany adopting a communist government?
what policy did marxists no um stalin implement shortly after lenin's birth?
where was the rhine diverted, oh, uh no when was it regulated with a lower canal?
what did davies call the system no sorry what does arpanet in simple terms?
according to certain tropical environments no geographical theories what type of human does a non-tropical climate produce?
what is the no how many people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wreaths festival?
which philosopher i mean who is known for their mathematical insite?
which group are allowed no i mean can not meet at other locations in scotland?
who no i mean what has the lowest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality?
what flows er what did the merwede-oude maas form with waal and lek?
when or um what is one method of achieving aspirational consumption?
which development uh oh i mean boulevard can you find many majestic homes in the area?
when did tugh temur find no wait i mean destroy his academy?
what video or better yet who is an award winning photographer and writer?
how many sororities sorry fraternities are apart of the university?
how did or actually tell me what year did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire?
what were the endowments i mean operating expenses of the groton school in 2012?
what percentage of the population of london died during the 1471 breakout of the black death no um the 1589 breakout?
why didn't no hmm how were high speed connections maintained and who were they monitored by?
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the bankers no the contractor did what?
what book did lyell publish in 1830 no sorry i mean darwin?
what year did the event no better yet flood that impacted the meuse take place?
what vitamin excuse me what gene is expressed by the b-cell?
of which kind or i mean form are mersenne primes?
what equation wait no notion does not keep its meaning in quantum mechanics?
what has the u of c maintained since 1983 no since 1938?
who is  the founder of modern community organizing the attorney general and obama campaign advisor?
how many medical schools no professors does the warsaw university of technology employ?
what has or no make that how much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century?
what organization was led by i mean defeated by hasan al-hudaybi?
what percentage of warsaw's population was protestant in 1909 no i mean in 1901?
who serves as the ummm oracle no its the microsoft and mf global ceo
what is a where is the mesoglea different in other parts of the canal system?
which or rather what type of professionals are pharmacists?
who were later yuan emperors isolated um what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end?
how many er what has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces?
when have no where have some workers made more than $100,000?
who governs nobel prize central bank no sorry who is the current chairman of president barack obama's council of economic advisors?
what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of consecutive primes, or wait, twin positives?
how did no i actually wanted to know what things the network concentrated on?
where was there an ambitious no the strength in british supply chain?
what is the name of the shortest shipping route sorry i mean suspension bridge in germany?
what does the fermat uh carmichael primality test depend on?
what did the royal society of edinburgh present in 1795, oh sorry about that, i mean in 1785?
where does lake constance, oh no i mean, the delta in the netherlands begin?
how does or no make that who does the statue of little heroic commemorate?
which is or no uh make that what is one type of public key cryptography algorithm?
what do no what town charter was approved in 1821?
what was  no what crops were introduced or popularized in the yuan?
when was a zoological garden established in the park ujazdowski wait no sorry praga park?
who challenged bubonic plague theory i mean who first came up with it?
evidence indicates that ctenophora or no i mean cydippids are not what?
how is income inequality generally viewed by organizations no sorry how is it viewed by workers?
what do members of the genus pleurobrachia ugh rather haeckelia usually capture the adult version of?
what or uh actually who works to get workers higher compensation?
what well er who governs nobel prize central bank?
where no sorry who recorded \"walking in fresno?
what is er what force leads to a commonly used unit of mass?
who was the director of noah in 2014 no not that tell me who was the former host of late night with conan o'brien?
which or no make that what do most species of the genus ocryopsis function as at the same time?
when did the scandinavian tribes not claim territory in north and west europe, oh actually it was the germanic tribes?
what was the goal of admiral edward hawke's expedition, oh sorry it was braddock's?
when was al-banna or uh rather the brotherhood first banned in egypt?
how many lobes do the auricles do plankton have?
in what interval are some of the searching er instead greatest primes without a distinct form discovered in?
what does the private education student financial assistance help current high school graduates, no, i mean students who are turned away do?
what are presented to parliament oh sorry what do statements from the po and member in charge of the bill also indicate?
which was pardon me what was made valid in the late 19th and 20th centuries?
who no where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located?
why are no sorry, in what year was the edicaran eoandromeda named?
when was the book, oh wait, the paper published that the \"millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction\" graph was based on?
which or no make that what natives were displaced by british takeover in georgia?
how many people lived in italy or rather egypt at the start of the black death?
what was logstown's, sorry, old briton's response to celeron?
where no rather when was unep founded?
when or wait what interpretation of islam is, for many of the adherents, not the \"gold standard\" of their religion?
who presented the mac is displayed in i mean to the scottish parliament when it was initially opened?
since what year did the building er uh university offer a doctorate in music composition?
in which two codes were the roles of pharmacists destroyed or rather codified sorry?
what was the increase or instead the percentage of germans attending private high schools in 2008?
what number no no i meant how many joined the \"network\"?
which theater or no rather naval battles did france lose in 1759?
how much of the water flow does the north sea or no make that the waal get from the rhine?
what cells attack innate leukocytes no um smaller pathogens through contact?
what is the highest reference hospital in all of poland no wait not that but germany?
where are bills, actually let me ask you, what stage usually takes place in the irrelevant committees?
who  developed the same technology as baran no sorry who independently created a separate system in 1965?
was wasn't the plan for marquis de la jonqui no langlades mission?
what type of nutrients, no, cells engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles?
in the layered earth model, what have er what is the inner core separated by?
what theorem actually why must -1 be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
what avenue is to the southeast, no the west of the golf course?
why connectionless mode no why do packets arrive out of order?
who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history no sorry tell me who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience?
what happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent decreases, according to imf staff economists no wait if the top 20 percent increases?
who or make that what needs to be avoided with civil disobedience?
how is no why is the need for established sorry acceptance of punishment needed?
jake rosenfield's first nope not that but profession is what?
what is london's no make that warsaw's economy characterized by?
which state no what are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have sr 99 improved to be of interstate standards?
how did or rather what did simon conway find on the branches of lagerstatte?
when was no what did 'di yuan shi' mean?
when was the treaty of rhineland ah i mean of versailles written?
the mother of who or no make that which emperor was a concubine?
where did singer hold a press conference in may 2005 oops i meant 2000?
how is it or no rather where is it hard to identify the remains of salmon in?
what didn't or no make that where didn't french fur trappers travel?
what was concluded by richard harbison in 1985 err i mean 2001 about beroids?
at what speed no wait how quickly to wave speeds inside the earth move?
which two er who had no influence in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines?
what number of men older than 18 are there for every 100 women?
what is the sensitivity uh like effect of testosterone on the male immune system?
how does the relevant minister's department wind up the debate no scratch this and tell me how long does the members debate last?
what is er who are members of the sports club elected to represent?
who decides how large-scale no i meant how land or property is allowed to be used?
how high did the northern part no the sea level rise during the ice ages?
who did the scottish parliament no the snp obtain 16 seats from?
when did the sea level i mean what is it for the irish channel?
how much area does the building no the university library garden cover?
what institution or uh what does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries?
which or no make that what title did iroquois give johnson?
what percentage of the population of venice died of the plague in 1361 no sorry in paris in 1466?
what communication oh no sorry delivery message was used?
what organization did hassan al-turabi discourage members of to serve in his government, oops i mean who did general gaafar al-nimeiry discourage?
what native chief travelled to french fort and helped c\u00e9loron uh maybe the name is marin?
when were no why would students be turned away from non-degree programmes?
what churches were the ministers no um sorry graduates of cambridge affiliated with after 1643?
what american or no un secretary went to harvard?
let's say when two ipcc special reports were finalized oh no why were they issued?
how did or wait actually why did france choose not give up continental lands? "," why did canada, uh wait, france choose to give up no continental lands?
how many composite numbers or no make that prime numbers exist?
when until 1987, what stance did the plo sorry the muslim brotherhood in palestine take towards israel?
according to gluga's theorem, what  period rather factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite?
who was gamal abdul nasser umm rather al-banna's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of?
what spanish uh instead british for was jacksonville the site of?
when did or uh where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350?
site conditions, local regulations, economies of scale and the availability of materials no skilled tradespeople all affect what?
what shape does the cestida usually have no aboral?
in what year did the largest companies in the enr er uh us compile data on nine market segments?
what or no make that which theory justifies imperialism in part?
what period or like the present mediterranean sea descends from what sea?
which or make that what group of people cannot be part of civil disobedience?
what are or uh what laws are different in every inertial frame of reference?
who or no make that what is the second level of territorial division in poland?
how much food can crustacean larvae ambush or wait eat per day?
the stagg presidential center is set to begin or wait finished in what year?
what role does no wait what was the role of phagocytosis before it was used to acquire nutrients?
how does force or tell me what force acts between electric charges?
what does or actually sleep hormone release supports formation of immune memory by initiating what immune response?
what does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of an economist wait the society result in?
who popularized or uh developed the lithium ion battery which let to lead-lead dating?
what has presented issues better yet problems to the us economy more than other nations?
what happens when the what cause the immune system to treat foreign organisms like normal tissues?
what was the european no the north american portion of war of australian succession?
how high maybe what is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called?
what percentage of married couples had vacant household, no i'm sorry, uh children living with them?
who umm i mean what is not effected by natural light and dark cycles?
what is or actually what must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division?
what do studies no what does an analog model have that a numerical model doesn not?
which or actually how many fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council?
how did or no make that what did the conflict galvanize muslims around the world to do?
what was woodrow wilson oh sorry instead isiah bowman nick name, as known by the public.
why does the constance water fall into depths at the rheinbrech no the rhine?
what is the world's largest academic and private library system or rather tell me what is the cost of living near harvard?
which is no make that what is not a reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy?
when was no in what year did the walker museum create and incorporate the u of c as a coed institution?
what happened when the commission reached a decision no no sorry when they didn't reach a decision?
what is the name of the genus oh no insect that has prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy?
laboratory measurements of forces are fully quantified no um inconsistent with what?
when do ugh where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives?
who is or no make that what is not prevented from entering an organism?
what was the goal of the confederation or rather of congress?
what physical quantities no wait let me rephrase that, what has sizes depending on how weak the push or pull is?
what suffering no what has a stronger effect during sleep deprivation?
what types type of treatment no health outcomes do pharmacists never have with their patients?
in 2008, what economic challenge i mean risk was the united states facing because of the recession?
when did or no make that in what year of the 20th century did harvard release an important document about education in america?
what processes or uh what else can magma flows be used to understand?
when is no wait what is concentrated in the coldest months of the year?
what actually caused the stagnation no the plague?
how much of warsaw wait no i mean poland's national income does srodmiescie produce?
what vitamin do t-cells have a receptor neigh a parasitic relationship with?
who is creon's dam i want to say antigone's father in the play?
when was wait no who established the amount of chosen numbers in existence?
what formation  sorry lol how many geomorphologic formations is vistula on?
who besides ugh when was isiah bowman not appointed to president wilson's inquiry?
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking less of in the future or rather what responsibilities are they believed to be taking more of in the future?
what was the savannah uh no i meant say instead jacksonville fire later known as?
when did the spanish and portuguese colonies primarily gained no lose their independence?
what is the, um actually, what repulsion follows when atomic clouds overlap?
which is or no make that what is one part of the innate immune system that doesn't attack microbes directly?
what is the italian meaning no sorry what is the spanish meaning of the name fresno?
who took up the path of struggle, uh actually of violence?
what car is licensed no cancel that and tell me what did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011?
what was the result of the 1967 referendum i mean just formed when the government merged in 1967?
when did no um who reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most weak?
at the university of chicago, no wait nearly 7,000 students are enrolled where?
which involves sorry what involves mass production of similar items without designated planning?
in what part of the united states did many teachers i mean students migrate to christian academies during the desegregation period?
what did polo, no i'm sorry, who was the last known european to visit china and return?
when did no to whom did rep. joe barton write a letter?
what does wroc\\u0142aw rather warszawa mean in polish?
what did eliot handing out the harvard crimson at a regatta do for the school in 1875 oh no sorry tell me what year are the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard?
sauriwa is the earliest known name for what country no sorry area?
#value!
what does continuous motion along dike swarms create for sediment to be deformed or rather deposited?
along with canada and the united kingdom,what are schools or sorry hat country generally doesn't refer to universities as private schools?
what did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan's economy in no sorry the state of iraq's economy in?
dendritic cells are named that because what serves as a barrier between bodily tissues and the nervous system?
what world's no under which field did the world's first synthetically produced nuclear reaction occur?
how many professors oh um students did charles william eliot teach throughout his tenure at harvard?
raghuram rajan or wait hank paulson is the former chairman and ceo of what banking firm?
how many rival princes were involved in assassinating ayurbarwada uh sorry gegeen?
what did kilbrandon's report in 1914 no sorry 1973 recommend establishing?
who was bob gallion ugh i mean bill aiken's adopted mother?
what have the clinics infrastructure done a lot of over the past years or wait tell me what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in curie?
what percentage of people died in central asia or no make that in crimea of the black death?
where was or actually no, was the plan informalized?
what was the objective of royal proclamation of 1774, no sorry, of 1763?
when did what did cellular theory claim was in an organism's humors?
which or make that what former administrative building was used for the msp's offices?
who opened the new parkland no parliament building on october 9, 2004?
the french were supported by who in the war rather what areas did they recruit natives from?
what has become the secret to inequality no economic growth?
where might or how else might a physician take advantage of self-interest?
who established the principle for buoyancy no that's a part of it who expounded the three laws of motion?
what were persian er uh european countries doing during the 1700's?
what does or uh what is the dutch name for the rhine?
how long is the rhine, no, germany?
what can er uh in what way do idea strings transmit tesion forces?
who thought the climates no um the world could not be split into climatic zones?
when is the correlation occasionally positive no no i mean when its negative?
bbn was no sorry telenet was licensed under what founder?
there are direct contractual links between who no sorry i mean in the most common construction procurement, who acts as the project coordinator?
what can a sequential hermaphrodite do no no what can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do?
what does pharmacy legislation mandate no sorry tell me what are responsibilities pharmacy technicians never deal with?
who is elected to serve as the presiding officer at the end excuse me beginning of each parliamentary session?
what are the three major types of magma or i mean of rock?
at which time did actually no scratch that what year did kind vilnius move his court to warsaw?
what do all but one oral-aboral strike that platycenida species lack?
what is the force between nucleons no sorry what can be seen between hadrons?
what long term conspiracy no agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the west?
what cells are at their lowest while people are asleep ah no i mean awake?
in what year were there 366,233 people in florida uh rather jacksonville?
who created assessments that were changed no um found to have substantial errors?
what percentage of little italy no pinedale is black?
the kuznets curve says oh what have have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming?
who specifically does a democratic system work to no make that ht target to maintain the opinion of?
who does the, no wait, what was the name of the infamous german gestapo prison?
how no what exchange in the fmcg is one of the most important for central and eastern europe?
what is the name of the programs that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment no scheme?
political advantage often means a country doing what er no is an attribute of which state policies?
who did van braam ugh i want to say dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory?
what percent of swedish pupils enrolled or rather how many school vouchers were issued by sweden in 2008?
what is economic liberalism rather organization is john schmitt and ben zipperer members of?
who was the first democratically elected president of egypt for many centuries, what was the brotherhood described as?
who reports no what us companies are compiled in the top-250\\t?
what do many people want to integrate into state route 99, oh no sorry, into interstate 5?
what type of committee is set down under the sp's standing orders no scratch that i want to know what do different committees have set out in various ways?
what umm position or no status has the brotherhood obtained in the islamic world?
any even number larger than what can be hold on cannot be considered prime?
who constructed an experiment where cannonballs no stones and rocks were rolled down an incline?
ctenophora are more complex than which other phylum or rather more complex than which other phylum?
how wide is the river, sorry the rhine river, in germany between emmrich and cleves?
what south korean car manufacturer purchased the factory in 2011 um no 2005?
what made the society decide to occupy the president's office in protest no the students?
what strains of the plague was found in the mass graves or rather what strain of y. pestis?
what class no what increased about harvard's student body in 2005?
which set or instead under which policy are labor unions encouraged?
which historic empire used social, umm i mean cultural imperialism to sway local elites?
in what year was the settlement no no sorry what year did warszowa become the official capital of the masovian duchy?
the rhine um joins no no gets how much water from the aare?
how many did this epidemic in central asia kill no sorry in china not central asia?
religion no rather imperialism often unites countries by using which technique?
what do how do cilia and aboral escape from danger?
which french educator no no i mean what does neumes say that composition with prime numbers was inspired by?
what us instead name the british economist, theorist and philosopher who is also an author and alumni?
a conservative no the liberal force that acts on a closed system has what kind of mechanical work?
linux originally released in 1982 for what reason no decnet?
why does no sorry rather what is needed to pack electrons densely together?
when did the song dynasty, i mean the jin dynasty, when did it end?
the long bodies or uh tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected by what?
what did the deobandi want to subject the entire country to, no sorry it was the taliban?
what do building contractors or wait inspectors do about utility lines?
what are the specialized cells that eliminate cells disorder causes the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self?
though al-nimeiry or uh turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process, he strictly applied what after coming into power?
internet2 became what in 2006 uhh 2007?
in what year did carnegie sorry harvard end its early admission program?
when forces er what is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle?
semen contains anti-microbial peptides to or what in order to kill pathogens?
what are private schools in ireland called no scratch that i want to know what certificates must private schools worldwide work towards?
how do or no make that what do people pleading no contest believe about defending themselves?
which is or no make that what is sometimes impossible to model?
in what year was the state route 99 built no scratch that tell me the year when the interstate highway system was created?
how many private school students were there in 1984 no i guess 1979?
what action or uh what is one result of civil rebellion?
who is the vice-chair no the first chair of the ipcc?
what do people with inequality i mean lower income have less access to?
what is um no where are no hospital pharmacies located?
how many or uh who is the university accredited by?
which university sorry institute is a center for near western studies?
how are the, um actually the party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what?
in 2010 what did the average salary no the average earning for a professional show?
when was the non-muslim brotherhood implemented, oh sorry, when was it founded?
to protest, why do people chose civil disobedience?
what three churches have colleges in hunters hill or no rather in sydney?
who can or rather what can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry?
by what or rather the word imperialism has it's origins in which ancient language?
what describes lorenzo's law or rather what force describes lorenzo's law?
how many provinces, oh no i mean, when was the ottoman empire at its height?
in what direction does most of the wind in fresno originate from or rather what direction in july is there increased wind?
which or no make that what is an islamic revival movement?
how is income inequality generally viewed by workers no how is it not viewed by workers?
which two leading roles did audra mcdonald perform on broadway no when she was in high school?
who never captured french fortress no sorry fort beausejour?
who in the great depression no who was it that went to radcliffe and was trained there as students in its early days?
what are antigens processed into no peptides?
why does sorry what type of wages result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand?
on which three pillars no no what were the three forms of environmental determinism?
how many billionaires attended no are now living in cambridge?
how many bodies of water make up the swiss-austrian no rhine?
trial division involves how many divisions are required to verify the division of the number 40 or rather 37?
what lake no what has shortened the rhine river?
when did boehlert no barton and whitfield demand climate research records?
how many er which plateau is the left part of vistula on?
what was kublai no hoho?
what are  or uh what is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings?
what wasn't no no i mean who wasn't on celeron's expedition?
what building um no when was warsaw palace completely razed to the ground by bombing raids?
what is the name of a prime number, oops my bad, an algebraic structure in which addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined?
civil disobedience toward what branch of the government is justified by brownlee ?
what part of no what area of fresno were the fresno fairgrounds located in?
what term referred to upper or rather middle class citizens leaving the suburbs?
how do the colonial powers sorry let me rephrase that how does the party view muslim history?
why were nothern i mean western chinese ranked higher?
what does no who does the statue of little insurgent commemorate?
the male fossil known as lucy was discovered when or i mean by who?
the \"it's scotland's oil\" campaign resulted from the discovery of what in the north sea, no wait, the south sea?
how was the no what is the status of the harvard university archives with undergraduates?
how many or rather when the election produced an snp majority government, what was it the first occurrence of?
what type of stations does chico have or rather what was the name of the first sacramento station?
what no make that how many same-sex partnerships without kids were there?
how wide er what does the wessel-datteln canal run parallel to?
what did the, no better yet, what did the non-salafi movement put emphasis on?
what types of responsibilities might a healthcare or no make that a pharmacy technician have?
how accurate did guo make the gregorian calendar, no sorry, the formed lunisolar calendar?
what usually takes place on location for a new customer or rather an unknown client?
what did or rather how many rival princes were involved in living with gegeen?
what legion or actually who were the pannonian troops allies with?
which or better yet what sticky cells used to capture prey are missing from a few sponge species?
in what year was samuel webber er david tappan elected to the chair?
what's the or uh how much of the of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther east?
in what year were the oldest additions in seine uh rather new delhi opened?
how, no wait, where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the emperor's personal physicians?
what civilization did the pottery belong to no sorry i'm wondering what is the 16th century known as the start of?
what is name for warsaw in polish or the full official city name of warsaw?
what does the owner produce to let everyone see the project's goals, no that's not right it's the the contractor not owner?
what is a trade magazine no year did enr compile data in nine market segments?
when did maududi leave the jamaat-e-islami revival no instead party?
who financed the original board of trustees no sorry who donated property to the university of chicago?
which religion did the yuan no the kublai prefer?
what was no who was the first democratically elected president outside of egypt?
what republic has maintained its control of iran no switch that afghanistan?
which or sorry i mean what entity sparked the growth of fresno station?
what type of antigen is associated with allergies no um not antigen but hypersensitivity?
what does rebellion require, uh, sorry, what type of civil disobedience is commonly accepted?
what type of rock samples from drill cores in the lab do biostratigraphers i mean studies do geochronologists perform?
how did or no make that what did the mongol elites wish buyantu do?
what type of group is the islamic state, nope make that the non-islamic state?
what do biogeochemical no geologists use to investigate the surface?
fresno city college just north of where i mean it is located at what two avenues?
what does low, oh wait, high inequality go hand-in-hand with?
how much water does the rhine drain or better discharge at the french border?
if 3 no no i meant 1 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers?
what receptors errm rather molecules are parts of the body of an organism in immunology?
what flows out of the merwede-oude maas no the former bay hollands diep?
why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged in a straight line or rather why is it arranged as it is?
what is the name of the bpo or uh fmcg agency for external border security?
what is the i mean where is the holocene further expanded since it is very short with short epochs?
what are um no what do orogenic wedges work in the same way as?
who wrote er where can sedimentary rock not be found at the same time?
where will a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship land according to galileo, opps, to aristotle?
who owns no what may explain why some americans who've become rich may have had a head start?
what force is weaker than gravity no sorry tell me thow many times less is the strength of the weak field compared to the strong?
what day, no i mean, what year  did jamaa islamiya renounce violence?
what are i meant to say how do studies give information about tectonic plate boundaries?
where did one of triton's or no make that oppman's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay?
when did the y. pestis hit the netherlands no wait i mean when did it reach england?
residential construction waste sorry no practices, technologies, and resources must conform to what?
what did oh uh how many seats did the snp take from the liberal democrats?
what was done to counteract the overpopulation of phytoplankton no mnemiopsis in the black sea?
what doesn't er what needs to be made to ensure richer members of society can participate in economic growth?
what does the egyptians no the sieve of eratosthenes do?
horizontal zones or uh layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of organic wedge experiments?
what distribution no philosophy of thought addresses wealth inequality?
what event happened 515 million years ago no wait 66 million years ago?
what does the financial assistance no the government provide for students turned away from priority courses?
how do no wait where do ipcc reports get their information?
what is another word for the earth's lower, no i mean,  upper mantle are the different tectonic plates called?
what role or rather make that whose role is design the works, prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings, administer the contract, tender the works and manage the works from inception to completion?
watson said the mistake went in what direction  ?
who designed the carpenter center for the visual arts no no sorry the fogg museum of art?
where are bills typically gestated in stage 2 uh like sorry stage 1?
what is the, nope, what type of income do people without and education receive?
in 2004 the orange revolution brought baltic countries i mean it occurred in what country?
in what time period were ctenophores first found no i meant lagerstatten?
which or no rather what characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries?
what position or like what was the first year that yale and harvard played football?
where does the constance no the rhine river's measurement begin?
what amount of money did kent-brown have invested in shantytown, oh how much did he invest in harvard?
how are no what concept was developed by baran while researching at rand?
what is the, no let me ask, who do clinical pharmacists never work with?
who refused to act until abercrombie approved plans, sorry until washington's approval?
whose ideas became oh no just when did the brotherhood support violence as a means of achieving its goals?
members of which what does being an msp share with no organizations are disqualified from sitting in the sp as elected msps?
what else or how many student loans can you apply for in four years at harvard?
in udp, what suite er uh instead the network guarantees what?
what organization did the muslim league join in france, oh not the muslim league, but iqbal?
when did no in what year was the university of maynard organized no incorporated?
what was the region for the central secretariat no the japanese name?
what outcomes or uh what are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide?
in what way does a ugh no i mean what does a basic program also require?
what are two  no what are public schools allowed to do to retain talented students?
how no i mean when was thoreau's essay published?
stage 3 or make that stage 4 is the final stage of what?
what was found to be missing in wait what did the fossils found in the burgess shale lack?
what did hagen tribes establish with help from the rhine, no no what did the germanic tribes establish?
what type er where can aeolian sand with a number of dunes be found?
where rather when was the rhine crisis?
how are the or make that what are the most abundant kind of phagoycte?
what combined with rising rather lowering prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace?
what benefits, sorry, area of science is understanding slowly changing?
what what do some umm community pharmacies do?
what borders did the french annex well complete during the middle ages?
what does oh uh what is one reason securing an amendment of the law is not recognized?
to what extent did mersenne no um fermat confirm the validity of fermat numbers?
how did the 2007 uh 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels?
who is the primary rival of the harvard crimson soccer no oops hockey team?
how long no what is the last major city in the stream of the rhine called?
on what tv show did bob gallion make his debut no no bill aiken rather?
what did shen kuo not do for calendars no guo shoujing?
what would a um a parent have to pay to send their child to a supplement no sorry boarding school in 2012?
are um plankton no ctenophores predators, vegetarian or parasitic?
when did william maclure no the american philosophical society enlist maclure to make the geological survey?
what increases with time ugh no i mean survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship?
what did j. f. d. shrewsbury sorry graham twigg publish in 1984?
what us prime minister is a nobel laureate or sorry an  alumni?
which year when did colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about peace with the french?
what was suggested at the symposium in 1965 sorry in 1967?
which or no make that what service used the network and modified kpn devices?
there were many japanese sorry chinese with what expected status?
what is the sorry what are most detailed plans in construction?
what are private no not private but tuition free schools called in australia?
what percentage not that i mean when was the great plague of london?
what was the bbn monopoly's reaction to roberts or rather what was larry robert's hope?
who is in charge of or rather what is the mayor of warsaw called?
what is the most prestigious no the largest medical school in poland?
how much er what does the nederrikn's name change into?
who has limited productive potential when faced with less no i mean more access to education?
what aspects of life does shari'a no sorry islamism seek to integrate itself into?
what academy or uh religions did tugh temur reject?
what is heralded by the sounding of the deciding bell or rather what did the msps decide on at 5 am on each sitting day?
which university or in what year was the d'angelo and rika library built?
in what way, uh, what do you use to let idea strings switch direction?
what is the immune system of the worm, um like brain known as?
how was or rather what company was bedau a part of while breaking the law by bringing medicine to iraq?
in what year did developers william stranahan or instead billings & meyering acquire the alta vista tract?
for a field f containing 0 and 1, what would be considered indecomposable the prime field?
what did art deco no um who was it oh vilenski represent better than anyone else?
who was the uighur king of qocho ranked below no sorry who was he ranked above?
what is the definition of human development no no um agency as it unrelates to incapabilities?
what does the museum of posters, oopsie, the national museum boast having from adolf hitler's private collection?
what must an attorney adhere to or wait i want to know one way in which an attorney tries to get a business district changed?
how does, oh you know what, what kind of tuition is charged if you enroll in a sonderungsverbot?
what protein does malaria no staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective?
what is the function of specialized cells located in the bone marrow, or the brain rather?
early western texts referencing the orient uh oops the east describe the people as being what?
what is or wait how much of a difference in homicide rates aren't related to inequality?
what specific part or rather principle was shown in the mark of anarchy?
what was vhf, oh sorry, i mean, kmj originally known as?
who was part of the case with wisconsin in 1852 or no make that in 1976?
what group of people cannot be part of civil disobedience or rather what type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience?
some elements of the brotherhood directed what action against al-banna oh i mean the government?
what type of numbers are always multiples of 5 err rather 2?
where did ht or what have many ht members failed to to join?
when is the park errmm i mean amphitheatre open?
where is the gorge between koblenz and where is the famous rock the rhine flows around?
who explored ohio territory in 1570 or actually 1750?
what jewish sorry first who founded the ming dynasty?
what part no what do nk cells protect?
how many scientists called to dump or uh change the ipcc in feb 2010?
how many women no firms were there in 2011?
which or no actually what trend increases organic composition of capital over the long term?
what were two of san joaquin's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished no sorry scratch san joaquin i meant fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished?
besides public key cryptography, what is another application for numbers, uh, prime numbers?
where does the pattern of lower income-longer lives still hold true no correction i meant higher income-longer lives?
from 2004 to 2005 harvard reduced the number of students earning latin honors from 60% to what no sorry from 90% to what?
when did er what kind of member what the university to the big twelve conference?
who is the ceo of mckinsey & company, sorry, microsoft and also served as governor in nj?
how did the feudalism no the unequal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem?
what thirty-seven story building was built in 1967 no not that i mean 1972?
what form do fundamental, i mean, complex rational primes have?
when was the old rhine bridge shortened?
when was no no what are colonial powers praised for?
where was or no rather when was the zuider zee brackish lagoon discovered?
how is the prime number p in chebyshev's postulate have, no, rather expressed mathematically?
on which woods hole building, oops campus is the national opinion research center located?
what percentage of fresno's population was african american ah no filipino in 1970?
the immune system of bacteria have enzymes that protect against infection by which kind or no make that what kind of cells?
what types of individual no health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients?
what grew er in what year did the timucue people inhabit the jacksonville area?
which part of the immune system protects the healthy tissue or wait the brain?
who was genghis's third son, no make that his 4th son?
what month is the coldest in fresno no warmest?
what is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty or actually i want to know the yuan dynasty's official name?
how much does a wealth gap no how much potential economic growth could the united states amass if everyone went through less schooling?
disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in what immune response no um sorry chronic conditions?
which organization or uh who responded to lindzen's criticisms?
how many household sorry nix that same-sex married couples or partnerships were there?
what drugs or actually what is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents t cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways?
along with non-governmental and non-state schools, what is another name for public school no sorry what's the other name for private schools?
what were no how were x.75, ascii, and other interfaces used?
what theory er what planet seemed to buck newton's gravitational laws?
what are examples no not examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide?
what organization er what is the un's climate change treaty?
when was the fln or rather the flis founded?
how wide or wait long is the central bridge?
along with sport and financial need, what is is a type of talent scholarship not financial need i mean art?
what are ctenophora commonly known as no do cnidarians use their combs for?
joseph schumpeter argued that imperialism was an internal or rather international what no hobson argued?
what philosophy describes the gap no actually of thought addresses wealth equality?
besides germany and bavaria or no make that switzerland, where else is lake constance?
what is no what do beroids typically eat?
what are cancerous tumors of the immune er instead skin known as?
where were dial up or dedicated async connections connected to no servers hosted?
who was the vice chairman no wait chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations?
when did landau um i mean vinogradov propose his four conjectural problems?
how many classes outside of their concentration did the carnegie foundation require in 2008 no no um 2007?
what  customers uh instead what practice do some internet pharmacies engage in?
who has parliamentary sovereignty um wait a second has no power to pass laws?
one strategy of islamization is to not implement no seize power by what methods?
which side is the population no um sr 99 built on?
what supplanted no uh what is a typical configuration?
research regarding metamorphic processes helps explain which or make that what about pressure?
which or no rather what type of rock is found at the grand canyon?
when did wait where did francis heisler plan to have her protest?
what british er what were requests made from british?
what are some risks ah no advantages of hospital pharmacies?
what or umm how did king louis x respond to british plans?
who is the chairman of the board of trustees?
who no i mean what is involved in a review of prescribed medications?
what or no make that who realized that the effects of gravity might be observed differently at smaller distances?
what had eliot er uh radcliffe been transformed into by the 19th century?
where are a bulk of factories no is europe's smallest inland port?
when was turabi no al-nimeiry accepted?
what is the most no actually the least dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area?
what does the geologic time no the fourth scale compress?
when were the no no make that who planted the alfalfa fields?
how many receptors do the types of b cell have, no sorry how many roles do they have?
in nepalese private schools, what is the primary language that is spoken no i mean of instruction?
who may also submit private bills no no who can introduce a bill as a public member?
how is or no make that what is an underbid?
in the mid 18th century, who considered the number 1 well did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number?
what did oops actually who called for more government oversight into the ipcc?
when did the formation of the peel boundary fault oh sorry, the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin?
which or no rather what shows the location of drill cores?
how are private individuals no the 'un-aided' schools different from 'aided' schools?
what town surrounds baldwin no scratch that i meant jacksonville?
what does cologne's original name translate into no colonia agrippina's?
what responses no what is secreted by the respiratory tract to trap microorganisms?
what are the, um no, what is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called?
when does what does being an msp share with the house of commons?
what antigens do mhc no the helper t cells not recognize?
what is the name of the university's concert no um the summer festival?
when did no what had the yuan used to print its money before plastic plates?
diplomacy actually no i mean imperialism extends a country's power and what?
what would or uh what notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars?
what does it mean when a prime number no when a harmonic series diverges?
who or i mean what gained ground when arab nationalism suffered?
who established no wait when was the imperial library directorate established?
what does the university of chicago no the fota stand for?
which two or rather who wrote about the distillation of sea water from drinking water?
what was norman no twigg's first name?
imperialism and colonialism don't assert a governmental or i mean states dominance over what?
what wasn't britain oops the ratio of british settlers to french?
what was no no make that what happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the eight-day war?
how do or no make that what do radical islamist organizations reject entirely?
what can an old, ill man er people work towards if they are denied their functionings, capabilities and agency?
which or no make that what types of program help to redistribute wealth?
who no what are the siouan-speaking british?
what is the name of the method, sorry the property that designates a number as being prime or not?
governor robert dinwiddie had an investment in what military no significant company?
how are the or no make that what are the statocysts aligned with being evenly spaced?
what or no make that whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon?
which kind um what kind of communication can be implemented?
what male  no what is an autoimmune disease that mostly strikes men?
who bought the factory in 1995 no i guess 2005?
going to no what is the most important item for civil disobedience to follow through?
where did er who led the science and environmental policy project?
what is it called when a hyperactive immune system that attacks irregular or rather normal tissues?
who made, no actually, how many students did the university enroll in its five graduate divisions in 2014?
under what pressure or rather condition is an element a general xy?
when or no make that what type of physics model did einstein fail to make?
the contrast of what no the second item of business on wednesdays is usually what?
the taliban was so different or um similar to other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what?
what nominal er what doesn't yeke mongghul ulus mean?
what type uh who established the amount of prime numbers in existence?
when was the conventionally measured no scale to measure the rhine introduced?
how fast does septicemic no the pneumonic plague usually kill most people when left untreated?
what is not an example of a microorganism, no i mean rather a mechanical barrier?
people more specifically newborns are vulnerable to infection because they have no previous exposure to what?
what yuan policies um was the second meaning of a japanese word for 'barracks'?
animal err rather plant cells respond to the molecules associated with pathogens known as what?
how did or no make that when did geologists begin comparing fossils to each other?
in the fall quarter of 2015 er 2014, how many students signed up for the university's four graduate divisions?
it wasn't the first developed no network to make the hosts responsible for what?
what was the, uh rather, how many muslims came from iraq to fight in afghanistan?
what had  no what was zia-ul-haq's official state ideology?
how were no actually what sin were the leaders of the extremists attacked guilty of?
what is the time rate of vector multiplication um no change of electric charge?
how high is the rhine no tell me how long has the rhine coastline been in the same location?
what was the first time or actually no the first measurement of the described no the value of the newton universal gravitation constant?
what commemorates warsaw citadel no old town's heroic history?
what country er when did the rhine travel southwest into the north sea?
what was culoron's, nope, marin's orders?
what proteins are used by all organisms, oops i mean very few of them?
what is ncaa or no make that harvard's most intense rival?
how many legions in five bases were along the rhine no no i want to know how many legions for the germania inferior existed?
what happened to the number of student applications during the 1950s no no not the 50s but in the 1920s?
to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault, what is needed?
where was it no make that who was it essential for islam not to imitate?
which historic no sorry what is cultural imperialism often referred to as?
what can increase the tension force on a load i meant to say is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load?
when did no no sorry in what year did the fifth no the fourth president, robert maynard hutchins take office?
the rhine river runs through i guess which country does the rhine empty?
how else can petrologists understand the crystallization, no, temperature at which different mineral phases appear?
what classification system is newer than the north american company no i mean industry classification system?
what can combine um no i mean increase the tension force on a load?
why does government exist according to civil disobedient no um anarchists?
what notion causes one to deal with operators no classical variables instead of operators?
who was rejected as the replacement for the song emperor, sorry i mean the duke yansheng kong duanyou?
why did sorry who disliked the affiliate program?
which is no what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe?
in what office has george w. bush no barack obama recently served his last term?
in which direction did germans or rather did the romans use to drift through the rhine?
how many years did it take for the frozen vegetation, no, subsoil to warm up?
what bureaucracy inspired the japanese-like elements of kublai's government no dynasties?
who or rather what organization arranged to founding of school?
how or no make that which of newton's laws described a rotational inertia equation?
what does the scotland act of 1998, i mean, 2012 extend?
what is the property or uh what is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a decimal digits?
what states are pharmacist clinicians given no prescriptive and diagnostic authority or rather tell me what entities are excluded from the federal health care system?
what process no no i mean what has successfully dealt with ozone depletion?
how are or no uh rather what areas are pharmacy informatics prepared to work in?
what species no which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks?
the modern trend in design is toward integration of where or actually who?
what forces  no what type of skills does the market bid up compensation for?
what people did the ipcc panel i meant session did they attend before the opening ceremonies?
what has to force no accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion?
when was the rhine or no make that the black forest discovered?
when did ice-sheets cover the alps umm i mean asia?
what city umm i mean rive joins the rhine in duisburg?
what year was the european portion of the seven years war incomplete?
when was the regime in pakistan accepted no no i mean overthrown by general zia-ul-haq?
what nope where did al-turabi sudan place students sympathetic to his views?
what type of herb rather flower is sought on wianki?
according to lenin why must capitalistic countries have material resources and manpower in such a way er rather an imperialistic policy?
when was no in what year were there 5751 filipinos in jacksonville?
what does x.25's principal operations concern no integrity?
during withdrawal from fort william henry, what did some indian allies of the germans oops no i meant the french do?
who no make that what causes pauli repulsion?
who was no sorry how did turabi build a strong economic base?
what is or actually how many bits are typically used in the primes for the diffie\\\\u2013hellman key exchange?
what type of goals are usually done from choosing many different kinds of what type oh no let's say skirting the law?
wht do rock units what happens deeper in the earth i mean under what type of compression do they become thicker and shorten?
how many er who in warsaw has the power of legislative action?
how much no wait  many citizens conflict in a constitutional impasse?
who wrote that revolution no, not that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism?
the income inequality gap between genders in botswana is what?
why should winning your case be undermine no no avoided by the public?
xenoliths are found in or rather picked up by what and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks?
why did king sigismund iii no um why did warsaw become the capital of the commonwealth?
what did kuo or no make that guo use for astronomy?
where nope, rather what do bad time elements lead to?
on what facility uh make that street was the golf course built?
in which or no make that year did harvard stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country?
how much sorry many people were in british north american colonies?
what makes ctenophores different from all other cells, i mean, animals?
what tv host and writer went to howard i mean harvard?
when was the no where is the geochronologists um sorry stratigraphic section?
who was the donor who uh helped establish the hutchinson commons?
the only objective of the parliament or actually the kilbrandon commission was what?
who is the chairman no the president of the ipcc?
where rather how does the larvae develop?
how many botanical gardens does warsaw oh not that but kampinos have?
what was the name of woodrow wilson or no make that of theodore roosevelt's policy of non-imperialism?
what did newton's mechanics affect forces that act on one part of an object do not act on what?
what does the malkin no instead the lavietes pavillion serve as a satellite location for?
what were dieskau's, uh make that, britain, and what were their plans against french?
where oh rather what did mongols refuse to worship?
how many professors errm i mean people usually go to see harvard sports teams play each year?
which or no make that how many branches does the rhine branch into?
what do drill cores help magnetic stratigraphers to date no outcrop samples?
how is or no make that what is involved in sea current coupling?
what do increased hormone levels cause in aging adults no not that but what becomes more adept at producing vitamin d as a person ages?
how was or no make that when was zia-ul-haq killed?
what is the major tributary of the rhine or no make that of lake constance?
when iqbal feared the spiritual foundations when he promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity, what did he encourage ending?
what is the boundary at the bend in the rhine no what ends at the bend?
where are the adapted or maybe it's variant forms of the name of the rhine in ancient languages derived from?
what role did michael oppenheimer have in the ipcc's reports no change that to what approach did oppenheimer advocate?
what is the applicant admission rate for class of 2007 oh no no i meant to say instead for the class of 2019?
what does the islamic state have a greater amount or rather surplus of from the international community?
what is the chemical that mediates type 4 or rather type 1 hypersensitivity?
bacteria often secrete what kind of proteins infection no proteins to ingest a physical barrier?
by how much did kent-brown reduce his investment in south africa or sorry harvard?
what does or why are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested?
what is cost engineers no no scratch that what is an obvious source for cost engineers?
who needs rather what needs to be made to ensure poorer member of society can participate in economic growth?
which or rather how many africans were brought into the united states during the non-slave trade?
what khitan um who did the han japanese want to help the mongols fight?
germany started calling the plague the black death in what year, sorry it was scandinavia?
what serves erm what appearance do dendritic cells and neuronal dendrites not share?
between nijmegen sorry brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected?
what is the immune system unable to protect no no distinguish from healthy tissue?
who accepted the great yuan dynasty no rejected the mongolian borjigin clan?
what policy did sultan galiev implement shortly after lenin's death no stalin?
according to the function hypothesis, all zeroes of the \\u03b6-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of x err i mean s?
how was the or actually when was the royal university of warsaw established?
when was ayurbarwada, or uh geegen the emperor?
what are the type no wait what are some examples of markets?
when no who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water?
what is the historic city-center of warsaw what is a quarter of the city filled with?
how many different network technologies where there before 1969 i mean 1973?
what was the theoretical macroeconomic no the idealized value of imperialism?
who has er what is key to getting the skills needed for low demand jobs?
what is the term, i mean, another term for on-diagonal elements ?
who err i mean what was sponsored by francis heisler in august 1957?
where do, uh sorry, what does the ipcc not do?
when did western governments support fledgling islamists no not western but eastern governments rather?
what writing inspired or wait discouraged the name great yuan?
why do geologists plot samples er more specifically crystals under a microscope?
what did article 20 of the allied armistice terms require warsaw no germany to withdraw from?
where, sorry, what does the name the rhine come from?
what government department did li meng no buyantu shut down?
what was the goal of the system no sorry i want to know if this concept was originally intended to be an application only meant for use by the military?
what rather who identified gravity as a force?
what is the plague no the domesday book about?
when was queen elizabeth no the british east india company unestablished?
when is no what does connectionless-oriented transmission require?
what is offered by the metaphysical or rather conceptual definition of pushes and pulls?
answer n/a
where did korea border the song dynasty no sorry kublai's territory?
which no what is the name of another type of modern primality test?
how were datapac no no um transpac and tymnet modified?
how many bodies of water make up lake constance no rather the obersee?
who causes what causes the innate response to be disarmed?
residential construction can cost or uh generate what is not carefully planned?
what was instead when did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition?
what effort or sorry department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts against islamism?
in the play antigone, what is the brother or instead tell me what is the name of the current king of thebes in the play?
in a progressive tax, where or rather what increases alongside the taxable base?
what were, uh actually, what does frame relay's lapb provide?
in many countries, which kind or no make that what kind of pay gap isn't there?
who promoted,uh instead rejected the path of violence?
how many or wait what makes the method of trial division more efficient?
what changes the way a rock no a mineral is deposited?
what direction or no what kind of behavior are cilia participating in when they reverse direction with their flagella?
the planet vulcan was predicted to explain the what with planet mercury no saturn?
in what other way can disobedience be applied to international unions no rather organizations and governments?
what sorts tell me instead what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been lost?
who published no sorry wrote the paper that the \"millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction\" graph was based on?
how oh sorry when did millerton residents move out of fresno?
what is inlaid  no the words there shall be a scottish parliament is inscribed around the foot of the what?
how is or no make that what is one straightforward case of a carmichael test?
the creation of volcano no um topographic gradients causes what?
when is or make that what is the time when members can ask questions to only particular members of scottish government?
what constitutes as civil disobedience or rather what does not constitute as civil disobedience?
what is the area called where one plate no no keeps the theory of transform boundaries going?
who weren't exempt from the ministry of war, no, justice?
what was phags-pa erm tugh's chinese-style name?
has there ever been anyone charged with importing drugs from the u.s. or make that from canada for personal medical use?
what famous austrian wait no indian's actions were considered civil disobedience?
in whose diagram is each matter particle represented as a straight line sorry i mean curved line?
what do molecular phylogenetics wait sorry no current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have?
how many lakes are there in warsaw or no make that in czerniakow?
which is the or no make that what is the highest reference hospital in all of poland?
the yuan's paper money was called what?
how much  no what do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have?
the pleistocene epoch takes place when?
the northern alps were flooded when ah i mean by what?
why did er when did the south american french and indian war end?
where no how did the islamic group's campaign to support the government turn out?
who is known for inventing the speed of light no the first elementary charge calculator?
what are the top no just percentage of the student body was affected by grade inflation in 2004?
in what year, actually i want to know, what college was founded during world war ii?
what is the immune system of the brain, sorry the stomach known as?
what type of opportunities or like motivators are achievement and outside determination considered?
when was pharmacy no ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification?
friedrich ratzel thought states no um imperialism was not what for the country?
what are typical geological investigations no um biogeochemical pathways?
which no make that what mathematician was also apart of the university's faculty?
what aspect of western medicine did the avicenna's no chinese like?
germany doesn't have an colonial acquisition past until when no an imperialistic past?
what amount er how much of a loss did forbes suffer in 2008?
which two compounds did al-zahrawi no no um i meant al-muwaffaq combine?
who has a smaller no make that what has a smaller impact on the united states' economy more than trade?
which has i mean what has water that is a lighter color than the rhine?
how did london no um william shirley feel about english advancement?
when did rinchinbal i mean tugh temur die?
what publication or uh what is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some americans?
who created erm how many points of presence did nsfbns have by 1998?
who unified the fundamental theories responsible for atoms falling at the surface of the earth sorry force?
how many or uh civil disobedience is mainly performed by what population group?
how many aztec empires, um oh i mean muslim empires have used imperialism?
what evolved er what molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates?
what is the masovian primeval forest no no the bielany forest the last remnant of?
what prompted advanced research and education in science, no in networking?
the strong, sorry, weak force only acts on which particles?
how was no what is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the black sea and the sea of azov?
what part or rather area of brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime?
where does the rhine encounter it's tributary the moselle no that should be neckar?
when did why did radcliffe college students stop residing at sever hall?
any number larger than 1 can be represented as a factor, i mean, product of what?
when was tell me about the source of the rhine i mean the last glacial maximum?
when did the soviet union no no um democratic republic of iraq collapse?
in aristotle's view, the terrestrial sphere contained how many elements, no galileo's view?
what year was harvard uh no wait north america's first printing press started?
what is pedanius dioscorides known for no not that i want to know what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides' book?
when did jan andrzej menich, sorry make that centrum, and when did he serve as president?
what did baran develop during research at the us air force er sorry rand?
what are religious groups offered what are private secondary schools in germany called?
what is post colonialism no just colonialism's core meaning?
how do or no rather when do banks believe civil disobedience is justified?
how does the cestids move no aboral?
what city is by warsaw no sorry i mean what forest is by it's southern border?
what lake creates no connects the rhine to lake constance?
what do painful aching joints or sorry what temperature fever does one have suffering from pneumonic plague?
who was responsible for the ancient interpretation of organizational decision making no sorry who is known for working on portfolio capture theory?
how wide oh um what is the largest suspension bridge in germany?
after 1962, what challenged the french empire no 1945?
what is tuition for 2009 sorry 2012 - 13 year at harvard?
what are two examples of glucocorticoids no cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs?
the turkish or rather ottoman empire controlled territory on four continents africa, asia and which other?
what is a, no actually how about, what is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication?
the asante and lunda empires featured ah no they were not in which region?
who was the first person to donate no to be president of the university of chicago?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions covered 1000+ years er were used?
which type what type of garden does roeding park have?
what are no sorry what is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy?
how did the final mongol er instead song emperor begin?
who lives no longer on average than swedes or uh i mean greeks and new zealanders?
along with tuition, scholarships, vouchers, donations and grants, where does private school tuition or rather private school funding come from?
where is the upper, ah no, besides constant flooding, why else was there regulation of the rhine?
what are the secretions commonly called no sorry tell me what does ocean water do to luminescence from certain sea life?
which or no make that how many us president once campaigned in cambridge?
what is the government no the standard of living for most families in kathmandu?
what microsoft chairman rather ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago?
since electrons are macroscopic no um minions, they cannot occupy the same what?
what no who decreased british military resources in colonies?
when forces are, no let's go with; newton's fifth law means that only some forces are interactions between whom?
where are some of the best medical facilities in east-central europe located or rather the best schools?
what did jews i mean tax collectors try to prevent from being installed in the temple?
what does warszawa, sorry, vriscovci mean in polish?
where did or no make that what did salmon used to be regarded as in marine food chains?
what building from the 19th century was a mixture of architectural styles what now destroyed between the 1950s and 1960s?
the autumn wielki is i mean which type of venue is the teatr wielki?
how many no at what building do olympic athletes train?
why do high levels no actually uh what do high levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity?
what was the projection of sea level did the ipcc understate no increases in the fourth assessment report?
sinback worked with what data network no um college on a time-sharing system?
what food upsets the balance of antibiotic no microbial populations?
how does or no make that what does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of?
how was the no make that when was the rso nations teams the top ranked in north america?
how was forward switching achieved or rather how many focuses were there in the p-2626 report?
what conditions sorry what tends to lead to more money?
besides 1,3 and 7, what other number must all distinct divisors greater than 5 end with no correction what other number must all primes greater than 5 end with?
what is a common temperature no no occurrence during summer days?
what did the contrast no the concept hope to achieve?
the african umm rather us expansion westward could be viewed as what type of non-colonialism?
who's institute did the university of chicago announce plans for establishing this institution no no just tell me who donated a half billion dollars to the university's booth school of business?
how were or no make that how many reconstructions covered more than 10,000 years?
what type no besides rivers, what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers?
why are no what cells are unable to remember specific pathogens?
what organization has continued, nope scratch that, stopped being a major disruptive force in palestine?
what or no make that how quickly do plankton populations grow due to hermaphrodism and early reproduction?
can address information be changed after the set-up phase no sorry i want to know if packets ever collide in route?
how are post-secondary no no i mean public schools funded?
who did or like what did thoreau claim about the majority?
in 1942, no in 1940 what percentage of fresno was made up of asians?
what do the governing no the membership of the committees reflect?
where does the atlantic ocean flow into?
did baran oopsie davies develop his concept with the intention of monetizing it?
who is no what famous conductor went to harvard?
what path changes the force umm rather direction of an object?
what did x.25 host allow for, wiat my bad, foreign clones of datapac?
what was the english name of shoushi li's calendar, i'm sorry i meant gou's?
when was um no what is the royal castle the most interesting example of?
where is the oldest known sedimentary sequence or rather rock in the world located?
final proposals for a united kingdom or make that a scottish assembly were passed by the united states parliament in what year?
what type of feeding mechanism no wait no fossils were found in china?
how do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object in a push and pull no not that i mean from two or more sources?
are most vexilligera the same or no um are ctenophores the same or different color?
what made or no rather who made the first measure value of the newton universal gravitation constant?
what policy gave american erm sorry britain dominance in world trade?
what does poor or what is the purpose of the aser?
who else besides genoa traded with europe or no make that with kaffa?
when did the no wait where did the rhine occupy during the holocene?
dendritic cells contact no no present antigens to what cells of the adaptive nervous system?
what is another term for university-preparatory academies or rather schools?
what strategy or what is the purpose of islamism in relation to society and government?
how were british able to cut supplies to the bay of fundy oh i mean louisbourg?
what are the two major subtypes of antigens no um t cells?
who were the no make that which council's investigation found no statistical failings?
#value!
#value!
where would no how long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth?
what capital no what set up became the second warsaw republic?
when didn't er what wasn't the goal of braddock's expedition?
what was the, no how about, what bridge did the germans fail to demolish?
when was a study published confirming the 2007 i mean 2001 ipcc projections?
what kind of immunodeficiencies no disorders occur when part of the immune system isn't active?
how is packet switching allocated no sorry circuit switching?
how are air force messages delivered or rather tell me how rand used this network?
what is the phrase for the oops no i meant the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn?
where in eastern asia sorry no central asia did the han chinese move?
when did great britain colonize australia or rather when did it colonize outside of australia?
how do the or actually what do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together?
primitive jawless possess an array of genes i mean an array of receptors referred to as what?
when did the rhine no the netherlands begin to occupy the late-glacial valley?
on what date sorry which graph was supported by mcintyre and mckitrick?
what is the number of constituency msps no sorry what is triggered when a constituency msp is forced from parliament?
what goal or instead what does brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard?
what is the or no rather where is the mouth located on aboral?
how far are they hmm how much apart are some of the neighborhood's features?
how many no old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores?
what happened to the pacific southwest building or no make that the bank of italy building?
in what year did or instead how old are the gravestones that reference the plague?
why is the tectonic subsidence no the current sea level rising?
when did he specifically washington reach fort le boeuf?
what was jacksonville referred to before the plan, no, consolidation?
what country er uh where is the rhine?
when did pascal's no zhu publish 'jade mirror of the four unknowns'?
how are invitations to address parliament determined no sorry how long might a speaker address the members during the time of reflection?
conservative islam determines or umm classifies muslims who follow shia interpretation as what?
when did the assignment of legions include two legions at vetera (xanten) no sorry tell me when was the first roman war?
what is the consensus amongst or uh what is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber?
how did the network what was a first for it no deliver the data?
how does no i mean where does hamas want to establish an islamic state?
when did the first edition of gasquet's book come out or i guess the second edition?
what is provided by the government officers following a crime i mean to illegal actions?
what do the ctenophores um vesticles on tentilla contain?
how do no make that what do new homes comprise the majority of?
what was the unemployment rate as of 2011 or rather what was the annual revenue in 2014 according the 1 million contractors?
how much do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 1990 no 2100?
in what year did the black death spread into france umm rather iceland?
what book i meant what is necessary to disobey?
higher rates lower rates of health and social problems are just two of examples of effects from what?
what are or on which corner is the shopping center located?
where were french south americans unsettled no correction, i meant french north americans?
following the sorry let me restart uh like the west lutheran question is known as what?
how much  no where can population estimates be extrapolated from?
where are the northern section no rather the upper rhine and upper danube crossed?
how unsuccessful was initial effort by braddock no successful?
which or no make that what gang entered the west side in 2008?
what was established in 1890 er 1809?
which neighborhood or like district in fresno is known as the center for the heavy metal community?
what happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by q no multiplied by p?
what does the plos pathogen paper demonstrate or rather claim?
what was the bell system no sorry tell me what the us department of defense gained from their funding of rand corporation?
what have er uh what is the outer core called?
what is or actually how long is the rhine?
when did never mind i mean what happened after henry ware and samuel webber died?
how much do beriods eat in a day no sorry ctenophore?
what gave actually i mean who gave her royal assent to the scotland act of 1998?
which or make that what alumni was also obama's campaign adviser?
what type of interpretation of islam does salafism promote i meant to say discourage?
which french general or no make that british general negotiated at toronto?
alpha decay no what force is weaker than gravity over short distances?
if there is no radio or 10base5, where, no, how are the packets delivered?
who issued er what lands were reserved for the french?
what amount did harvard cut from their 2008 er uh 2012 financial aid reserve?
where was the or no make that when was the european portion of the six years war complete?
how many botanical gardens does powsin or make that warsaw have?
in the range between 1980 and 2000 sorry 1990, what did demand for grow?
what cells are not eliminated by the body rather the  immune system?
what is another term for library no sorry another term used for the 12th year of education?
what is one problem with controlled substances no internet pharmacies?
what did 'da yuan tong zhi' attempt, or wait.. mean?
king sigimund's column is an example of archdiocese uh no what kind of attraction in unesco?
tell me about what the library records at harvard reveal no what did plato's perspective on science combine?
killer t cells can only recognize pathogens wait wait no antigens coupled to what kind of molecules?
when is uh what will maidens be able to predict by floating their programmes down the vistula
what model rather car is licensed by the fso tico factory and built in egypt?
why is the ruling on whether no um final bill passed to the monarch?
what is another name for the sheath the mouth can be protected by, oh no i mean withdrawn to?
how do buoyancy no a mesoglea control how brackish body fluids are?
what protects no what is a statocyst?
who was unable to perform his duty hoo boy famous for disobedience against a tax collector?
when was the rhine fully within francia er  the holy roman empire?
what does liberation no um warsaw palace's mixture of architectural styles reflect?
when did building activity forms um occur on banki palace?
how no when was the defeat of napoleonic france?
which legitimate dynasty came after the taizu no rather after the yuan?
how do the or i mean what do the top 400 richest americans have more of than half of all americans combined?
what did maududi believe iranian society could be islamic in the absence of i mean muslim society?
what  is the rotational equivalent of velocity no sorry what would change the rotational inertia of a body under newton's first law of motion?
where did kusala rather yesun temur die?
when did the celtic no i mean germanic tribes claim territory in north and west europe?
what has the fish larvae caused a sharp drop in no not this question but what other sea had fish larvae accidentally introduced into it?
who discovered plate whose theory was the theory of continental drift?
when did or uh who restored the bungalows?
what governor in charge of new france died in 1752 no i guess in 1725?
which no make that how many professional schools does the university of higher learning consist of?
what topic do infrastructure projects no private bills typically have?
how would or make that why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work?
what was the only region in europe not conquered by the germanic tribes no sorry tell me the region conquered by the germanic tribes?
what was causing british no the new france to have no issues with resupplying?
what type of person would be involved in a test case in federal court ahh actually scratch that and tell me who argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything?
what experiments or uh how do structural geologists observe the fabric within the rocks?
what has given the american citizen no rather economy a tendency to go \"from bubble to bubble\"?
what are bacteria unable to secrete no sorry tell me what does the failure of a pathogen depend on?
what are longer, umm i mean shorter growth spells associated with?
what does a u.s. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between what factors no earnings of men and women?
how wide of an area does the john w. weeks bridge sorry no wait the charles river run through?
besides the study of algorithms or no make that of prime numbers, what general theory was considered the official example of the military?
what protocol was popular in the 1980s and 90s no the 70s and 80s for apple?
what principle highlights the significance of  primes in number theory no sorry real numbers rather?
what are cnidarians commonly known as or rather ctenophora?
what no i mean how would the geographical societies in europe reject certain travelers?
what antigens do helper t cells not recognize no sorry what co-receptor recruits molecules inside the t cell that are responsible for cell activation?
what happens uh actually, tell me why wouldn't rampant violence prevent people from going to work?
which or no make that what direction do cilia usually swim?
why was wegener's theory important for understanding volcanos er uh the lithosphere?
when did i mean what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was freed?
which project or i mean work from around 3000bc has significant theorems about infinite numbers?
what did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011 no wait in 1995 rather?
how do the propose no rather who can propose the date of the poll be varied by up to three months?
what response, no what is an example of a chemical barrier?
which french composer employs motifs with lengths no wrote ametrical music using prime numbers?
which canal was dug in italy sorry france to carry rhine's water?
who was kaidu's father no no no uncle?
when did genghis khan kill kublai or no make that great khan?
what don't capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a regression sorry marxian analysis?
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing how much building material daily, no actually i want to know per hour?
what keeps the sensitivity of hormones at the same level, oh i mean the immune system?
along with the congregation of christian brothers who is or make that what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in ireland?
what have ct scans lead to for doctors and seismologists no um i mean their patients?
where did the or rather when did the first pandemic end?
which building er parliament's temporary home was on the royal mills in what area?
what is the oldest example of  political pressure or rather financial fault lines?
the southern flow retains the name boven merwede no i meant ijssel until it flows into what?
a fisherman stopped to rest on the sandy beach by what village no sorry a mermaid?
what councils assign tasks make that other activities does the unfccc require the ipcc to run?
what has an acceleration between mass and space-time no equivalence?
paul marind de la malgue was given command of what where did he build his last fort?
which experiment what experiments are used to understand how magma flows?
where is no what are produced from a large number of genes?
what did no over 100 egyptian police were victims of what group's campaign of terror?
how old were the vendobionta found in china no no how old were the fossil found china not the vendobionta?
who did no where did china border kublai's territory?
what regions or no make that which regions have non-temperate climates?
the 1989 scottish constitutional convention provided very little basis for the political parties structure of what?
what did olivier roy state centered around no um underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century?
what percent increase of land does the school own in allston than cambridge?
hobson argued that imperialism wasn't an international what or rather aside from capitalism and imperialism, what else do some people claim as having a correlation?
what do structural geologists do with informationum uh measurements of fabric in crystals?
what is the tentacle ermm rather mouth of a pleuobrachia kept in?
what specific groups are found within the african-american population, i take that back, the mexican-american population?
as of january 2016 what is um or rather how many digits does the largest known prime consist of?
who designed um what kind of french art is kept at the arthur m. sackler museum?
what type of rock units or no make that type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformation processes?
where might or uh what do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients not resemble?
what was the significance of great britain's win or rather the insignificance of their win?
what did er instead maududi believed that islam needed what to not be established?
when was the university library, oh no let me ask, how many items are in the university library?
newton's third law asserts the inverse proportionality of kinematic measurements, oops i mean, of acceleration to what?
what was linux oops i mean decnet originally for?
what are numbers fewer no greater than 1 that can be divided by 6 or more numbers called?
around roughly how many students enroll yearly in creative and music classes or make that performing arts classes?
what groups er what is a description of an associated company contract?
who were formerly housed at harvard yard, actually at sever hall?
as of 2014 or no rather as of 2017, how many courses are required under core?
how is or uh what changes the mineral content of a rock?
who is the hero who found a golden treasure no um killed a dragon on the drachenfels?
english imperialism or no make that western imperialism united the globe according to which theory?
what is the name of the campus umm rather museum and research center for near eastern studies, that is owned by the university?
what are two ways that mud doesn't change in volume no sorry tell me two types of faults that happen in the shallow crust?
who are best known for uncovering the fossil of john b watson ahh actually just tell me who is both a white house coordinator of security planning and an anthropologist?
what challenged or actually where did france lose a war in the 1950's?
#value!
who was the first female nobel laureate, sorry i mean the second one?
to what legislature er maybe more generally body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for?
what is the final stage of what vote on a bill takes place in stage 3?
eicosanoids include what compounds causes the symptoms of inflammation ah wait that result in fever and blood vessel dilation?
what direction path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an inside outside observer?
what was or no make that who was boleslaw ii of masovia?
what was zhu xi sorry, rather tugh temur not known for?
how does no what does cutting a key bed help an older rock form?
when was or uh what public policy school found it's home in the building that ludwig mies van der rohe designed?
the united states or no jacksonville began to suffer and decline after what major world event?
in the most common construction any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who?
how many casualties did british get or rather how many didn't they get?
which is a or no rather what is a fourth possible source for tumor antigens?
why do arab muslim no um islamists need democratic elections?
what power  no what is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools?
what was constructed to supported nsfnet no sorry nsf in 1985-1999?
what can be considered as a mode no a function of market price of skill?
what changes the mineral content of a rock or wait i want to know what gives sedimentary rock its characteristic fabric?
what is the kinetic form called no the force called regarding a potential field between two locations?
what dynasties er what cultures were not part of kublai's administration?
where is the or no make that what is the name of the smallest university press in the us?
who practiced in china western that is who founded the office of western medicine?
what was loudoun's plans for 1774 sorry 1775?
the gonads are located where?
when was did warsaw's stock exchange stop, nope, decline?
who do no jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public no no tell me who most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public?
how many weight rooms are in the recreational sports facility no sorry in the malkin athletic center?
what fortification was built in the 18th or rather 19th century after the defeat of the november uprising?
what do er when would the occupation of allies leave rhineland?
when was um no in what year was the eastern roman empire established?
how much land does charles river no cambridge own in allston?
who first described dynamic velocity, darn it, i meant equilibrium?
who ended the mongolian er uh yuan dynasty?
what kind of disorders in autoimmune disorders, or actually the immune system doesn't distinguish between what types of cells?
who financed the original physical campus, uh pardon me, th board of trustees?
how much is no what is economic liberalism not one of the causes of?
how or i guess what are the 4 sales and service centers are viewed as?
what does er when was the heyday of secular non-arab nationalism?
what umm rather where is the western canal regulation of the rhine?
how far or uh instead when was the tower theatre built?
what is a major reason moral dialogue no judges use morality against crime?
what did the merit network, oh no i mean, michigan inc. start in the mid-1980s?
what caused the spread of the jacksonville fire no slowed it in 1901?
who proposed that constant application no sorry water displaced through the projectile's path carries the projectile to its target?
who took over the bakersfield erm san joaquin valley railroad branchlines?
what are nevermind how is packet mode communication implemented
what are some examples of undesirable end results of a project no wait i want to know what the majority of building construction jobs are?
what did x.25 i mean sorry tymnet connect?
what force no inertia exists because of newton's fourth law of motion?
when was polish united workers' no berlin's first stock exchange established?
which is no make that what is considered a potential disadvantage for wealth for some americans?
what else uh how many student dorms were there in use at harvard in 2012?
how long did the warsaw uprising last oh we answered that one how many polish people died?
who no what acts in no particular direction?
how sure were scientists that the climate no actually the temperature would keep rising?
a plea of no contest is a compromose civil disobedient no between a creative plea and pleading what?
what is the only way packet mode communication no i mean to forward packets?
when was the regime in pakistan overthrown by general zia-ul-haq no sorry tell me when it was accepted by general zia-ul-haq?
which type what type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals?
who was defeated by mirabilis no um montcalm at quebec?
over how many vegetation no um species of trees can be found in the caucasian garden?
what is one thing that ctenophore no i mean copepods like to eat?
what is the name of the famous rock that the rudesheim or no make that the rhine flows into?
what group submits no no needs to decide if they should make a creative plea or not?
who can actually tell me what is happening to the number of government schools in rural india?
what rates er how many undeveloped countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from?
what does er who was warsz?
what was the very first television station to broadcast in chico, or uh  fresno?
what happens when water um i mean cilia and arbol clap their lobes?
who expounded, i mean like what can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium?
when was the school formed?
what is sorry what makes detection by killer t cells more likely?
dedicated messages are needed because oof why is there a need for a dedicated path?
what dynasty did toregene khatun, no no i mean, zhang rhou help attack?
what can people work towards if they receive no aren't denied their functionings, capabilities and agency?
what is located after the rhine gorge, no sorry i meant, r\u00fcdesheim am rhein and koblenz?
where did american troops leave no no remain stationed after saddam's defeat um no his win?
what down is separated from no surrounded by jacksonville?
what  type of requirement does the college's common core require no sorry i want to know which doctorate program has been offered since 1996?
who wrote that its difficult to produce no no formulate a definition of grammatical niceties?
where does er what contributes the least amount of water to the area?
what group will operate sorry rarely run a public school?
what does the money no actually where does newly created wealth concentrate?
how, no, why was telenet purchased in 1979?
who did confederate no jacksonville support with supplies during the revolutionary war?
why did decnet become a networking powerhouse in the 1980s no not decnet but linux?
when did pascal no zhu publish 'jade mirror of the five unknowns'?
what type er when was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms?
an object forced no that is suspended on a horizontal spring scale experiences the force of what?
telstra started austpac no what did they start in the early 1980s?
what part sorry which part of japan had people ranked lower in the class system?
besides mersenne no uh leibniz, what other mathematician proved the validity of fermat's little theorem?
which year was there a reduction in the number of scottish mps no scratch this and tell me which islands comprise a larger number of electors?
what molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates no sorry i want to know what molecules are repelled by pathogenic antigens?
how is the or no make that what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging?
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1983 or no rather in 1979?
who no make that what captured the vosges mountains?
how are er what systems classify trade contractors?
what molecules pardon happens when an antigen fails to bind to an immune receptor?
a formation is also known as what?
what did no when did the channel 4 documentary undercover mosque air?
in a government redistributes no in an ideal moral society, what would all citizens be free from?
when was the rhine measurement corrected back to the original no sorry tell me when was the authoritative brockhaus enzyklop\u00e4die written?
what leads to confusion and collapse or rather what must contracts be designed to ensure?
who didn't the mongols send to japan i mean bukhara as administrators?
constitutional impasse is defined as the citizen's relation to what civil disobedience i mean, not constitutional impasse?
what would er when political inequality is smaller, more waste and pollution is?
what are sedimentary layers used to understand er like investigate?
what equilibrium occurs in constant oh wait rather fluctuating velocity motion?
what is er where does the middle rhine flow between bingen and bonn?
state route 99 no 168 head west of what?
what was acknowledging no what was ban ki-moon the secretary general of?
where did maududi's books place pakistan sorry instead islam?
who was the successors of khan um wait no the kublai khan's grandfather?
which is or no make that what is the name of the bridge over the longwood medical and academic area?
what do some theories claim about the decisions of non-governmental oh sorry what do theories claim about civil disobedience?
how many times did maclure cross the allegheny mountains, well actually how many times did he cross the union states?
where in warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with poland's struggles for independence found no sorry i meant where in katyn?
the moon no um sorry newton realized that gravitational deceleration was proportional to what?
telnet was founded by or really what was it the definition i mean?
what year no wait when did khan establish the great yuan?
what is subtracted to its allocated no constituency seats?
where or no rather what wasn't apolitical islam?
what does the short epochs no the second timeline compress?
how did the or no rather when did the bubonic plague begin in europe?
what needs to happen to prevent waste err no building authority regulations?
when do or actually tell me what issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education?
what kind of non-peer-reviewed sources doesn't no does the ipcc use?
what operated through a retail shop which rather what was avoided by pharmas?
what building was demolished in 2014 ahh actually what was the former administrative building of the lothian regional council on george v bridge used for?
what does or uh what is the name of the latest epoch?
which of the or no make that how much of the noord river flows into the north sea?
how many science academies wait did i say academies i mean organizations issued the joint statement on climate change?
why are some forces due to that are possible to no wait impossible to model?
what is uh what male sex hormone is an immunostimulator?
what is one main reason securing an amendment of the law is not recognized no no just tell me one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized?
what dispensary no responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to?
what proceeded along the lines of unification of disparate no wait i mean similar ideas?
how many bits are often in the exchange no primes used for rsa private key cryptography algorithms?
what is a non-islamic strategy um no revival movement?
what nationality was yersin or uh paul-louis simond?
what is a main duty of the pharmacy technician or no of the gphc?
the perceived mosque no the british policy of being hands off of its muslim population has resulted in what derogatory term for france?
what company no what new product did bank of america introduce in 1958?
uchicago's core curriculum is called wait no they claim to have what kind of learning experience compared to other universities?
what job sorry what profession does zbigniew badowski have?
who was or instead which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic?
what do custom designed homes conform no i mean dictate in the area?
why were eastern chinese ranked higher i mean lower?
why aren't the examples of parisian style or rather architecture visible today?
what materials do you need i mean like the three things needed for construction to take place?
what type of parties ugh sorry committees exist in the fifth session?
what two types of activity are associated with volcanism umm i meant the canadian shield?
what was ali bhutto's or no rather zia-ul-haq's non-official state ideology?
what branchlines or i guess mainlines head west and south from the city?
how does or rather why is course content funding restricted by courts?
what is one thing cilia have, oh wait, they don't have?
how aren't incomes distributed in japan, sorry make that in sweden?
western imperialism united the globe according to which theory no wait change that to the amount of land a country controls is its worst what?
why has warsaw, uh wait, what suffered considerably for bloc when it had an eastern economy?
denomination operates st joseph's college no let me rephrase and say that along with the anglican church and uniting church, what religious denomination operates private schools in australia?
what village um no sea does the rhine flow out of?
who or no actually what is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries?
what institute published findings in september 2012 regarding the new york times, no make that, the forbes richest 400 americans?
where did barack obama give his last speech in 2017 no wait 2016?
what garden was formally only for royalty no sorry for running?
what does the pharynx no the aboral use its comb rows as?
who was no wait i mean who lived in a tree o prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience?
who is also, no not that, who calculated the speed of light?
what is the islamic state no no what kind of people make up the islamic state?
other than scotland's chief law officer, from whence are most seats umm rather ministers drawn from amongst?
what were the three parts of kublai's government or wait actually what kind of division of power kublai's government never had?
what will a society with less millionaires have, actually sorry, i meant with less equality?
where does or uh what did the hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage?
which or no make that what type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression?
what happens in a phase 1 or no make that in a phase 2 contract?
datapac oops sorry i mean dnic allowed a host to do what?
how much er where does lake constance emerge from?
how is unregistered documents or uh property held in informal form?
how much success did this expedition no didn't with braddock find?
what is infectious no not right i mean unimportant in sar?
how far is olive uh fresno city college from the tower district?
where did kublai um oh no rather when did he move the mongol capital?
who created no how many factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett identify?
what do salaries no um job types and levels of experience show in the results?
which genus of lobata or uh sorry ctenophores does not have cydipped-like larvae?
what does it take a country or what isn't economic growth insufficient for progress on?
when does or no make that what kind of immune response do smaller drugs provoke?
who umm had kublai wanted to precede him?
when were uh where is the airport located?
what does autumn host many of or rather autumn summer jazz days is one of the many what hosted by warsaw?
what does untersee or rather what does obersee mean?
when were medicinal properties of plants in ancient greece i mean who was the only man to study them?
how many soldiers no khitan tumens were there?
what does shia or i mean salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view others religions?
what other clashes were involved in taking bloody creek, no sorry, taking louisbourg?
where did france lose a war in the 1950's no wait the 1930's?
according to the stanford, no no i meant princeton review where has harvard ranked as a \"dream college\" in 2013
how many types of movements do cydippid ctenophores actually i mean euplokamis tentilla have?
what is the construction timeline no wait how long does it take to build electrical facilities?
what philosophies overlay western umm rather chinese medicine?
how is or no make that what is underrepresented in epitope regions?
the turkish empire no no i meant ottoman empire controlled territory on three continents, africa, asia and which other?
united states or no make that nsf began in 1985 to promote what?
who does the carnegie foundation criticize uh depend on for some aspects of undergraduate education?
what paleontologists no uh what well known political scientists are currently on the university's faculty?
what organization or what is one of the minor treaty's on climate change?
how is income determined in a market with variously skilled no unskilled workers?
how did er who did the nif regime not harbor prior to 9/11?
what did mongols worship no scratch that and tell me the illegitimate dynasty that came before the yuan?
what event i mean time frame does the seven years war cover?
what is one complexity, ugh, issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist's job?
what does civil rights movement protest against or rather civil disobedience, what does it protest against?
what smaller weaker swimmers do spiders er uh  amphipods feed on?
what did davies no baran call his methodology for message routing?
who was the leader of the turabi no the islamist regime in sudan?
how were the or no make that where were the germanic tribes not originally located?
where did the deobandi movement no no the rejection from governmental and religious groups come from?
colonies were a sign of what amongst south pacific, sorry uh asian countries?
no question
what are the laws of physics of newton or no make that of galileo, in reference to objects in motion and rest?
how wait rather who did the government refuse to pay?
what region of the rhine was changed by the grand canal d'alsace no the rhine straightening program?
what body no how many examination boards exist in india?
what was the chao's not that the yuan's plastic money called?
what kind of animals are ctenophores uh cilia considered?
if a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast, how many components no sorry forces can you split the force into?
what happens when production no business underpays their workers?
many of whose key figures returned to government or no actually to parliament?
how nope i mean where weren't populations centered in colonies?
what is a requirement of online pharmacies that issue drugs with, no wait, without a prescription?
what monarchy or rather up until 1990, saudi arabia played an important role in restraining what groups?
the first vote of the ballot used which or no make that what method to tally the votes?
what reports did michael oppenheimer suggest published the state of the planet oops er needed to contain a broad exploration of certainties?
his poem is referenced by what type of figure in india no no just tell me what type of protest his poem is considered?
how does or no make that what impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on lower earners?
how much or rather what is the island off of the german shore of the rhine that this warm and cold water meet?
why are sorry ediacaran eoandromeda can be regarded to represent what?
who did song no wait kublai, who did he make rule of korea?
where is the location of well really where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon be seen in less that a meter?
when was the office of western, sorry make that, eastern medicine founded?
how many moraine plateau no um geomorphologic formations is warsaw on?
to fight against the soviet union, who did the us refuse aid to?
where i mean when was the american philosophy society created?
along with muslims, what religious group what religion's schools does the term \
what are some causes of diminished no no a reduced immune function in developed countries?
what is the sea level of the rhine, no i'm sorry, the english channel?
who was johar a critic of no no um iqbal?
kunskapsskolan into what in english?
what was used by the east, ugh i meant west to justify control over eastern territories?
where is the left part of warsaw like on which plateau is it?
excessive bureaucratic red tape is hold on isn't one of the reasons for what type of ownership?
what is the name of the recognized student organizations no the student improvisational theater troupe?
when did why did vilnius become the capital of the commonwealth?
matter particles are shown as what kind of lines in a anti-matter diagram, oops make that the feynman diagram?
where or no make that what plague thought to have spread the same way?
what or rather who separated a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations?
when did maududi i mean where did he exert the most impact?
what conviction or like tell me from whom were the movement that eliot followed derived?
what isn't included in medication therapy management or rather what is?
colonialism often means a country doing which um i mean what?
when uh what is another word for seafloor spreading?
what impact does i mean what pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers?
what is formed when a phagosome fuses with an invertebrate, sorry a lysosome?
how were or no uh make that what were show made of?
when was muslim or no make that greek and indian literature destroyed by conquests?
why did france feel they had no right to ohio country ahh i mean claim?
a decline in scottish nationalism during the 1960s fueled who umm rather what?
is what industry was produced, no, attracted to jacksonville in the early nineteenth century?
how are the statocysts split up no i mean spaced?
how did the or no make that when did the german army re-occupy britain and france?
what types of business or sorry organizations are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic mobility?
what is er uh what evolved in later vertebrates?
in which decade did the business umm rather university begin several thousand dollar expansion projects?
how does no who does a gender pay gap tend to favor?
besides drugs, which or no i mean what else do specialty pharmacies provide?
what other term is imperialism synonymous with no no just tell me what colonialism and imperialism share in common?
were the centers  a loss or rather profitable?
where is visa inc. in gestation, i mean where is it located?
what doesn't unearned property income create a situation of, sorry about that i mean, what doesn't private ownership create a situation of?
what did thoreau believe about talking to the activist community, no it was actually the police officers?
where can er what museum preserves the memory of independence?
refineries, process chemical, power generation, mills and manufacturing plants are under what category no sector of construction?
which park is home to the shinzen japanese gardens no actually the fresno chaffee zoo?
how was the occupation no what is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa?
when did spain no great britain gain its colonies in north america?
where is the latest no make that when is the latest most marxists claim imperialism as an extension of capitalism has its roots?
at what rate no i mean when did tides and currents similar to our current system begin?
who wrote about the great pestilence in 1908 no huh sorry 1893?
what organization no i meant to say what is 'grey literature'?
how did saint-girard respond to jacques legardeur de saint-pierre, oh make that to washington?
when is the earliest britain had a trading policy, sorry i mean an imperialist policy?
what former studio in jacksonville has been designed nope not that but converted to a modern film museum?
which timeline is the fourth scale no the most accurate?
which is a no make that what is a virtual connection?
what do the erg\u00e4nzungsschulen have the freedom or no how are they funded?
where are the, no actually, what is released by pores in the comb rows?
what are the, well actually, what cell type is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life?
where have some have some workers made more i mean do construction workers with 14 years of experience earn in the middle east?
when did louis xiv, sorry i meant to say napoleon, when did he die?
what evolved into a seven-layer osi-compliant networking protocol really the decnet ii protocols were designed by who?
when no sorry who stated he did not want israel to vanish?
what do microbes no instead toxins that fail to enter an organism encounter?
how no who did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor?
what political response was formalized no was convening in june/july 1754?
according to the wealth concentration theory how does or no what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth?
where or no make that was is stratigraphy?
what force no which law is a rule of vector addition?
who loved art deco, i mean, warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his poems?
desegregated schools in the united states are attributed to what court case ?
which towns no i guess river banks are usually sparsely populated and lack industrialization?
who defeated the french no make that montcalm at quebec?
when does an activated b cell no what does a um t cell identify pathogens?
what kind of deprivation results in diminished immune response and higher no no lower antibody production?
what was abu al-rayhan al-biruni's religion, oh sorry, i meant shen kuo, what was his religion?
how many people per square mile lived in fresno in 1970 no no 2010 rather?
how many fields no vector equations did heaviside and gibbs reformulate maxwell's 20 scalar equations into?
how many different species of beroids er shoot ctenohore are there?
packet switching did what concept contradict or actually what is goal of packet switching?
how many frenchmen or wait englishmen won battle of carillon?
how many red army no wait what is the estimated death toll for the red army?
who had the red turban rebellion no who had toghtogha tried to defend?
when did developing economy no income inequality begin to increase in the us?
what were the kronenberg palace no i mean the saxon palace and bruhl palace in prewar paris?
where, sorry, what was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie?
how many individual universities rather libraries make up the main school library?
more in the present prevalence of disobedience i mean civil disobedience has turned and said to be?
how many boulevards or uh homes did the pacific improvement corporation build?
who is no what author is best known for his book the metaphysical club?
the second law goes against or umm contradicts what belief?
igneous rock can be turned into i meant to say sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock?
what are the requirements found in pharmacy legislation?
how many bodies did graham twigg exhume no sorry that was public health england?
which no what bacteria lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis?
when it was in the financial crisis of 2008-2009, how great were the losses that uh harvard's endowment suffered?
what type of movement is the student advisory groups no the muslim brotherhood?
in sept 1760 who granted vaudruil's request i meant to say negotiated a capitulation from montreal?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5, then according to fermant's or no make that gluga's theorem, what type of decimal will 1/p always be?
what is the term for any zoning no large construction project?
where did the author of or actually make that who wrote the book \"capital in the twenty-first century\"?
what was a major failure no no a major success in rebuilding warsaw?
how does so sorry what do studies on metamorphism through pressure help clarify?
what organization is a scientific intergovernmental body under the auspices no can only certain members belong to?
where was or no make that what was the california state university named as?
how long or what is the first major city in the stream of the rhine?
in what city ergh who was the medical report written for?
what type of ideals generalize the lasker noether theorem, whoops i meant, the noetherian arithmetic?
how is packet switching characterized no rather circuit switching?
roughly how many clubs no which club won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships?
although some acadians went to france and other destinations, what north american city did many move to ahh actually which city did they not move to?
what or why is majority rule used?
where are health and social problems least common or rather most common sorry?
who, no i meant to say, when was the germany pitsudski war fought?
policies which try to control economic growth, nevermind, unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what?
what do geochronologists analyze rocks or uh fossils from drill cores for?
what increases or decreases in response to applied friction no sorry make that static friction?
what is the name for the period when parliament no members address speakers for up to four minutes?
how many metachronal rhythms no um rows of statocysts are there?
how many instead where did british resettle many acadians?
where was no where wasn't shirley planning an expedition?
what astronomer or no make that geochemist developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating?
what does the current economic inequality sorry no i meant the current high level of population have a large impact on?
what isn't raghuram rajan's credit urgh career?
who founded er what was the ship of john of london called?
while packets are routed correctly, sorry i mean labeled correctly, what can happen to them?
thoreau asked a public figure the taxman to do what?
what water er what changed the delta in the first half of the 20th century?
what will or uh does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people?
who created no what fortified this concept?
what was used to create a new ultraviolet catastrophe um no electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand?
how many of total financial aid for undergraduates from standford, no no i meant, harvard was in the form of grants?
what percentage of people died of the black death in europe or no make that in central asia?
the taliban no what did the taliban want to subject a small part of the country to?
what religions did zhu xi follow no that should be tugh temur?
what metaphors explained kyoto protocol no no um global warming?
how umm rather when has bloc seen many improvements?
where were interviews held while the edinburgh no parliament was in its temporary building?
what type of math was not advanced during zhu shijie's time no scratch that i want to know what modern math concept did zhu shijie do work similar to?
how did the islamic group's struggle uh maybe campaign to overthrow the government turn out?
in which meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1765 no for 1756?
what did colonies represent as in what were they a sign of amongst european countries?
what is an example oncogenes or i meant uh example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels?
which city has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards no sorry tell me the state route not the city?
was the use of the pad service name correct no datanet 1?
what to construction no architects in the us/canada earn yearly?
what is it called when a pathogen spends most of its lifecycle inside no wait outside of host cells?
which is no uh make that what kind of school is a sonderungsverbot?
what path er what applies to equally to constant velocity motion as it does to rest.
what includes pressure terms when associating the act parallel no calculating area in volume?
what or make that who voted against jacksonville's annexation?
what type or what does private ownership create a situation of?
when was the no where was the feb 2010 call for change published?
what do moderate no no radical islamist organizations accept entirely?
how do they call no what period was 2.5 million years ago?
in what country did the y. p. medievalis or no wait the ororientalis genome originate?
what decreases or uh what motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by?
when was the deportation of french canada no of acadians?
who else did else did datnet 1 refer to really what was the network operated by the duct ptt telecom?
when did western asia or no make that the ottoman empire rise?
who provides no the owner typically awards a contract to who?
what happens er what do tumor cells release that strengthens the immune response?
who did the or no make that what did the mongol elites wish buyantu didn't do?
how many prominent ctenophores no tentacles were found 1996?
the point at which different radiometric isotopes begin diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what no sorry i meant the point at which they stop diffusing into and out of crystal lattice?
what did or uh who did the us provide aid to, to fight against the soviet union?
how or wait i mean what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is expressed in the sum of two primes?
how many or no make what is the total number of professors instructors and lecturers at harvard?
what program provides financial assistance for vocational no tuition and fees for a college or technical education?
in what year, no sorry, what is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers?
what are the three sectors of public works no sorry i want to know which sector includes utility distribution and refineries?
what did the gulf war occupation of kuwait no it inadvertently do in the early 1990s?
what is an example of a chemical barrier no scratch that and tell me what is the last line of defense against infection?
what type  no what is the name of one impressive continuation of the carmichael primality test?
what do orogenic wedges, which are zones no do analog models include in the pathway for metamorphism?
what word no what goods were sold in a pharma?
how many no what types of other schools is the city of harris well known for?
what type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals no no instead tell me what type of ideals generalize prime elements?
what are the specific definition of no divisors of all even numbers larger than 2?
what is the process by which the immune system no the pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called?
how is no umm on what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely twice based on?
who did white house coordinator no no um john b watson and david graeber discover a fossil of?
what did the english root tobacco imply no no uh pharmakos?
who's services or better what project structures assist the owner in integration?
what is the number of ugh no how many members in the seats of the scottish parliament are members of the scottish government?
who did kublai wow i mean the mongols give control of korea?
what did the judge have to let the jurors know about in the united states or no make that the chicago eight case?
what have palestine no muslims rejected hamas for doing?
where no sorry what is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves?
who was thought to have loved ragibagh or no make that tugh temur?
what is elements no another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings?
what is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow cultural traditions or no a government or belief system?
what does salafism in its harshest, no let me rephrase that, what is the type of interpretation of islam that salafism promotes?
what term does the commonwealth no yeah uk, australia and canada always use when referring to primary education no universities?
how much has been written about the subject of literature no no grammar?
why is the theory no scratch that the principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution?
what is er instead how many professors does the music university of technology employ?
what financial problem or rather financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field?
where did montcalm move his heaquarters to show strategic advancement no no retreat?
common sense realism of what scottish geographers no no make that philosophers did agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowledge?
what position was walter camp on yale's or no make that on harvard's football team?
which theorem states that all large even primes no no integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes?
focus on what is to ameliorate the many alliances or uh problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry.
what british or uh instead what shakespeare scholar is a faculty member at harvard?
in what federal uh instead states are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority?
how or no make that why was the rhine regulated?
if three identical fermions have a symmetric spin, the identical uh no the spatial variables must be what?
which university's library system consists of 12 campus, uh actually make that, libraries?
who was on chautauqua portage um no celery's expedition?
how much support is there for the us or no make that the un approach to economic development?
where does a phagocyte get stuck in a cytokines, oh no no, in a pathogen?
how much water flows out of the duurstede no make that out of the pannerdens kanaal?
which kind or no make that what kind of t cells have the purpose of modulating the immune response?
what do non conservative forces and conservative forces described rather non conservative forces act to do what in macroscopic open systems?
how many no what rank for most populous city in the european union does warsaw hold?
#value!
what city errr i mean building was a gift from poland?
who is no no i mean what can the ipcc's report deadlines cause to be omitted?
what did lyell er instead hutton believe was formed in one catastrophic event?
how many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1990 or no in 1967?
what have government regulations given private schools, oh rather public schools recently?
why does or where does the cold water mix with lake constance?
in what year did paul-louis er uh alexandre yersin discover the yersinia pestis?
what did the ipcc complain was happening from contributors no make that from government oversight?
what allows for pathogens no responses that are not tailored to a specific pathogen?
where did the black death reach no no when did the black death reach the mediterranean shores?
by when did the germanic tribes conquer the roman no celtic peoples?
how many volumes are at the university no sorry how many are contained the library?
what does er which body is composed of 2009 members?
what was rapidly increasing by interstate 9 umm rather 5?
how, sorry, why has the muslim brotherhood not facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies?
how many were in langlades mission err rather expedition?
in what year did the university first see a rise sorry no drop in applications?
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in modern greece no sorry ancient greece?
how many interactions are based on four fundamental interactions no are all of the universal forces based on?
what is the name of the greek no, i mean german translation of dioscorides' book?
what did er why was this concept generally unpopular prior to donald davies completing his work?
what type of treatment are healthcare professionals, well namily pharmacists not needed for?
what is a reason for the movement to legalize, uh sorry, illegalize importing medicines from other countries?
when was the proxy bases no the ipcc fourth assessment report published?
what was the unimportance of the legislature uh no congress?
pitt's plan called for what actions, sorry, attacks?
in what form are most hospital pharmacies no sorry medications?
what region of china is inner mongolia no is hebei part of?
what do fundamental interactions no gravitational forces act between?
what percentage no in order to be considered in the bottom percentile, a person would need to amass how much money each year?
in what year did robert harper or did the u of c become one of 7 founding members of the association of chicago universities?
what do some i mean what do no community pharmacies do?
when did augustus find the upper danube, no when did he find rome?
what happens to faults instead sediment layers that are also thinning?
what act convened the old government actually no parliament of scotland?
how many no uh what percentage of people died during the great plague of london in 1665?
what happened when no during which century was there a program to straighten the rhine?
how long er instead who used the concept of antiquity in the study of stationary and moving objects?
what is also decided by the debate officer, oops that would the presiding officer actually?
trial division involves checking the primality of a given integer swap that to dividing n by every integer m less than what?
who was the uighur king of qocho ranked below no change this to who did the mongols refuse control of korea?
when rock compresses or rather folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways, when it buckles upwards it creates what?
how quickly or actually when are some juvenile plankton able to do before becoming an adult?
who explored no what disagreement was made for trade with natives and british?
what percentage er what was there a significant minority of in warsaw?
what is a net of obligations of projects and other legal exchanges?
what does  lawrence katz or uh paul krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the u.s.?
where do consultant pharmacists what is a consultant pharmacy mostly concerned about?
how do cilia and aboral escape from danger no scratch that and tell me how many lobes cilia have?
what vietnam war or rather what us war has a large amount of civil disobedients?
who had influenced cyclades er uh arpanet?
how are sorry what runs from the balancer in the statocyst to the comb rows?
how many uh what month, every four years, are the ordinary general elections held on?
what type of scientist is samuel k. cohn, jr., no i'm sorry, i meant david herlihy?
what was one of the marseille or no make that hanseatic cities?
who was responsible for the portfolio theory of organizational decision making, oh not portfolio theory, i meant ancient interpretation?
what is the division of integers no actually um what is the most elemental way to test the primality of any division?
what is the name of the inhabits no the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville?
what do pathogens no no um simple unicellular organisms lack?
what is the average discharge of the  rhine erm moselle to the neckar?
what is the exchange of heat associated with or rather conservative forces are often associated with the transfer of what?
what weapons were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1879 rather 1880?
why did the university applicants decrease no rather tell me why student applications increased during the 1950s?
how did or no make that when did ronald robinson die?
how were or uh what was implemented with an x.25 interface?
how many miles east of berlin is poland no i mean warsaw?
completing p with respect to which what will produce the field of real numbers?
who was  no who is known for calculating the speed of nuclear reactions?
which duty do some groups no rather people believe civil disobedients have?
when was er what institution doesn't robert barro hail from?
what does no i mean what are among the most well known experiments in structural geology?
what is a market, no rather a magazine for design companies?
what is another name for the east side of fresno no west side rather?
who wrote the nong shu or rather rejected it?
why do, or what do engineers offer themselves as for a project?
how many residents were recorded in the 2000 census of jacksonville no no i meant the 2010 census?
among universities, what distinction does private, no wait, radcliffe college have ?
in the late 1960s er 1950s what concept was developed?
what campaign no what type of housing was erected in warsaw as part of the bricks for warsaw process?
which concept what concept explains why objects continue in constant motion?
who did er where did the song dynasty continue to cause problems for kublai?
can a packet ever be sent to the wrong message err i mean\\u007f number?
what functions reserved no no i mean usually lie with us government ministers?
where might or uh what do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients resemble?
if the apparant force of two fermions is attractive, what is the particles no switch that to spin function?
are there no actually how many families per square mile are there in fresno?
how can you protest against fcc er no the wbai and its policies as an individual?
who founded or how many miles, once completed, will the the lewis s. eaton trail cover?
who mapped platt avenue i mean alta vista tract?
what year did the oops shimer university is located in which illinois city?
who set up what became the second warsaw republic or rather the second polish republic?
for what requirements um no no size natural number does bertrand's postulate hold?
how umm no when did the age of imperialism begin?
how are most propulsion no cilia when moving through the water?
which two groups scratch that ctenophores are less complex than what other group?
question n/a
during what, uh actually, what year did audra mcdonald perform the roles of evita and the wiz?
how did the islamic group no no what did al-gama'a al-islamiyya use to get its way?
what responsibilities, uh like, what will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades?
the parties that hold the minority of seats in parliament form when or rather what?
original intent of the united states or no make that of nfs was to accomplish what task?
which is no uh make that what is the full name of the aser?
when did what did ghandi decide to use so that everyone would have the same deal?
when didn't violence start in war no sorry when did it start?
pleurobrachia or sorry cydippid are typically what shape?
it was or actually what was suggested in immunology before the 19th century?
what territory no wait what was the significance of british win?
what other or uh sorry what was the first us state to have compulsory education?
where did oswego no montcalm move his headquarter to show strategic advancement?
whose law did not explain the orbit of the planet mercury no saturn?
who were no uh make that what were selected locations connected to?
what three ugh, um where is st. gregory's college located?
how do ctenophores adapt to pressure no control buoyancy?
where does the chicago or no make that the paris school of business have campuses?
according to fermat's theorem, what period does 1/p always have assuming p is a prime that is not 2 or 5 no wait tell me the answer based on gluga's theorem?
why did the college or no make that the university see a drop in applicants?
how many companies were listed on the pzpr no wse on april 2009?
who was drawn to new york or rather to jacksonville in the 1910s?
what was reduced by no erected in south africa by duke kent-brown to protest harvard?
the university enrolled 3,468 sorry rather 5,984 students in the college and how many in its professional schools?
was the school officially associated with certain curriculum no any denomination?
what type of medicine did mongol er maybe otachi reject?
why might internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs i mean customers not order from internet pharmacies?
where was bill aken no wait what was bill aken's ethnicity?
what cells er uh i guess hormones are produced mostly when awake?
what does yeke mongghul ulus mean no no tell me what the yuan dynasty was called in japanese?
on what process do moderate and reformist islamists work make that basis do the radical non-islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
how did erm what was the air force not interested in for their message system?
what philosophy, uh stop  tell me what are examples of economic actors?
what was pedestrian mall renamed no sorry what was fulton mall renamed as?
what information does history of rock deformation give about fault structure, oops that should be crystal structure?
what are er what is used to enhance the effects of inflammation?
what is considered at a meeting no when do members vote of the beginning form of the bill?
who decides, or better yet, the presiding officer tries the achieve a balance between similar viewpoints and whom?
what weapons er which region did not invent the machine gun?
what were the national elections in 1989 or wait 1991 canceled by?
how was the no rather what was the average family size with no wife present?
what type, no what is the name of another compelling continuation of the carmichael primality test?
whose president or no puppet did islamists support the saudi regime of being?
what organization did donald davies work with in the united kingdom wait wait no paul baran?
what are the points of algebro-geometric, no wait, quadratic objects?
what month is the first in the year no just debates are closed to the public?
how many bands err i mean types of cilia are there?
if a closed particle no an internal force acts on the system, the center of mass will experience what?
what is the region uh like area called where two plates move apart?
where was or no make that when was the peace of westphalia established?
micro-physical considerations model or uh yield what?
in the poverty, scratch that, capabilities approach, grow and income aren't considered a means to an end rather than what?
what are pharmacists in the united states or instead united kingdom being paid less for?
which chartered ah no sorry country had trading posts in india after britain?
who invited cavelier or instead washington to fight with him?
what is the goal instead definition of agency as it relates to capabilities?
what did or rather who was the 3rd to rule the yuan dynasty?
what did actually tell me what qed is short for?
how did or no rather what did mongols worship?
what is er rather other than 7 and 13, what other year interval do cicadas pupate?
what storm had the most significant impact on st. augustine er sorry jacksonville?
what happened no student enrollment increased as a result of increased crime and poverty in which neighborhood?
what happened after the british wait no the french attack on the trading centre?
what style was the palais garnier no the warsaw philharmony edifice built in?
what types or uh what is economic liberalism one of the causes of?
during which project no um decade was there an increase in student applications?
which species rather what is the largest ctenophore?
what city has territorial no has districts with no powiat entitlements?
where umm rather how much are co2 levels expected to increase over the next 100 years?
what did the people of germany no rome accept as the only fertile plain?
which non-chinese or no make that non-japanese empire did the yuan dynasty succeed?
what type er which theorem can be simplified to the prime ideals theorem?
along with english and maths i mean mathematics, what subject replaced values education for fourth year students?
what was the second meaning of a japanese errr i mean chinese word for 'barracks'?
how umm rather what did using fossils help change for scientists?
what year no when was the the second german empire founded?
when did the name black death officially take root in scandinavia no sorry england rather?
how high was the sea no no how far did the sea level drop during the ice ages?
subjects that are inside the legislative competence of the european or i mean scottish parliament are called what?
what is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by government officials or like authorities?
what are the little tentacles that platyctenids have called no cydippids?
what decides or no places younger units above older units?
when was wait no in what year did the bankamericard become successful?
what  percentage of the population died in the 1625 outbreak of the black death no change this to what was the population of europe in 1665?
where in the ocean are linear regions no i meant volcano arcs located?
where does the rhine begin or no i mean end?
when was the muhammad qutb no the ottoman caliphate maintained?
what was the defeat of the arab troops i mean happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the six-day war?
who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be first minister no scratch that and tell me who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions?
what did or first tell me who challenged the plague theory first?
how much er uh what was abnormal british defense?
other than uchicago or simply chicago, what is another term for the university of harris wait no graham business?
what antigen no what evolved in modern jawed vertebrates?
who was added to party as dinwiddie, oh gosh i mean, washington went on the way?
which or rather what conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2?
what factor determines packet switching no scratch that and tell me what kind of network uses it?
what is the or rather when is members debate held?
what is the average construction salary in the uk, no tell me about the middle east?
let's say bell northern research allowed a host to oops developed transpac as a joint venture between which two companies?
who normally predicts no um instructs members how to vote?
what date was the university's 5th president granted his position?
the lithosphere moves over what or rather which mantle in the theory of plate tectonics?
how did tides and currents no no sorry when did they reach the highest sea-level rise?
was the er in what year was cambridge founded?
what other reason no where was montcalm focusing the offense for new france?
who is responsible for running the ipcc, oh not that, running the national greenhouse gas inventories programme?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways, where it buckles no actually make that when it buckles downwards it creates what?
what meetings are open umm i mean closed to the public?
what is the difference between i mean what is more sophisticated between numerical models and an analog model or orogenic wedges?
how much evolutionary strategy no the larger would cicada populations be if predator outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals?
how far from czerniak\\u00f3w lake or uh better warsaw does the vistula river's environment change noticeably?
what countries no rather what fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the united states?
what jewish practice did the feng sheng no no the yuan keep?
which or no make that what scientific journal in france published a prior analysis of the black death?
how much i am sorry i meant how many contributing authors does an ipcc report chapter have?
when did no how many days did the warsaw uprising last?
when did british government offer land to develop ohio country no wait when did they take the land for this development?
how many days does the presiding officer or i guess parliament have to nominate a first minister after a general election?
who do the lead authors prepare writing er uh graphs and data for?
what amendment to the united states constitution no scratch that how is course content provided to a private school?
when did no who announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives?
who are best known for uncovering the fossil of john b watson?
which theory states that charles darwin no earth's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event?
the university, um i'd rather ask are the maroons apart of what association?
which is the largest university press in chicago umm rather the south side?
who may introduce bills rather how do they pass through parliament?
who is the um vice no the chair of the ipcc?
what, sorry, who is usually hired for a design-bid-build contract?
in what country did the french send a large number of settlers?
what do bottom-dwelling cydippids usually lack like the adults no i meant bottom-dwelling platyctenids?
when did uh what has the united nations designed isil?
besides the north sea and the irish channel, which direction did the rhine flow during the last cold phase no what else was lowered in the last cold phase?
what were no what else were families with incomes below $38,000 not required to pay for in 2009?
what is the integral part no the origin of clinical pharmacy?
when was er what was the experiment that tested early life on mars called?
what denomination was the congregations no the hollis professor of divinity connected to?
at what age do immune responses typically begin to occur\u007f or wait decline?
when was it, or actually why was it thought that ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals?
fossils found that were believed to be monophyletic were how old uh no ctenophores?
what kind of disorders um cell never reacts with self peptides?
how many undergraduate no graduate students does harvard have?
what types of hourses are designed by is fresno known for?
which coastal species have been studied the most or rather which ctenophora have been studies the most?
what guide states harvard is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty, actually it's the university of chicago?
what has technological innovation and automation replaced higher skilled workers with no sorry what has replaced low-skilled jobs?
#value!
what did tymnet connect no no what did tymnet work with rather?
what is the population of greater no no how many muslims live in greater london?
who or no make that what removed a hierarchical structure?
when did income inequality begin to raise no sorry when did it start to decrease in the us?
how many academic majors does the university grant in total no wait i want to know how many divisions make up the academics of the university?
where else do petrologists find or better yet identify rock samples besides in the field?
what was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear experiment umm rather reaction?
which sessions had a delegation no um majority attendance from non-governmental organizations?
what wasn't quebec's no sorry um loudoun's plans for 1757?
what was the effect or um the outcome of the disobedience protesting of the nuclear site?
how do oh no actually what would income differentials be if individual contributions weren't relevant to the social product?
what is an autoimmune disease that affects the sensitivity of the immune system actually women preferentially?
where did the mongol traders bring the plague no wait genoese traders not mongols?
which one was the or actually i mean what was a long term goal of french foreign policy along the rhine?
what contributed or uh what impacts gender inequality in wages?
if q=9 and a=3,6 or 9, how many wraps would be in the progression no sorry how many primes would be in the progression?
what are the most active components of photocytes no sorry ctenophora?
when was the masovian duchy reincorporated into the polish crown no sorry when was the settlement that later became warsaw established?
how are packet mode communications forwarded i intended dissolved?
how did the economic growth or uh how did the education during the high school education movement differ from the subsequent high school education?
which region did not invent the machine gun no sorry just tell me which region did?
which style was the warsaw actually i mean the paris philharmony edifice built in?
where was the song dynasty's headquarter i mean capital?
when will yeah in what year will the barack obama presidential center be finished?
which results or no make that what results in out of order delivery?
during 2012-2013, how much sorry many student were able to take the core classes at a single time?
what about western medicine, no actualy tell me what philosophies underlay chinese medicine?
other than the ijssel, where does the lek join oh rather the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute?
what country did shen kuo actually no what did one of the earliest writings on india written by fielding h. garrison hypothesized?
the immune system also generates um no produces what molecules in order to allow for tumor destruction by the abnormal no the complement system?
what creator or rather astronomer is also a university alumni member
according to disagreement between tanacharison no iroquois and british, where was a strong house to be built?
who may also submit new laws no private bills to parliament?
who was oops wait no what organization did general gaafar al-nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government?
when what is the a complex net of contracts  and other obligations that are legal?
why was er instead state educational and economic development where helped by what?
what are two times or uh reasons conservatives went to jail?
what area, wait no i mean, what was not shaped by sedimentation of the rivers and tidal currents?
where does warsaw's area cover no um carpathia rank in terms of population in the eu?
how no when was the sierra sky park airport formed?
where does no the brotherhood's members are in support of consuming what beverage?
by what means is imperialism always or wait never administered?
what are or instead the inside of a ctenophore is lined with what?
what type of remedies i mean medicine did mongol shamans use?
what was bill aken's ethnicity no scratch that what song bob gallion wrote?
long-lived no what happens when b cells and t cells are deactivated?
who took up the path of violence and military struggle er wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists?
what is one work by messiaen oh sorry, by neumes?
what was er west partnered with who to help create internet2?
when did gou's calendar become the official calendar of the yuan no wait when was it rejected as the official calendar of the yuan?
did paul baran has assistance from anyone when he developed the computer errr i mean concept?
what do magnetic stratigraphers use isotopes to study no rather what do they precisely date?
which city what city later became alaska?
how much potential economic growth or what did standard & poor recommend to speed economy recovery?
what was lindzen's role, uh houghton's role, actually?
where is the office of state house no of edward harkness located?
when was no what decade was the country club built in?
what has something no nothing to do with the speed of the response?
what does not play a role in the pathogens no the immune response to viruses?
what is a trait of simultaneous um no sequential hermaphrodites?
in what year was the medical faculty in milan sorry i meant paris established?
what does no who can question statements the first minister or members of the cabinet make?
very few seats, no, i mean ministers are drawn from amongst whom?
what nuclear physicist umm rather astronomer is a hamming code alumni?
when did the age of  industrialization or uh imperialism begin?
who threw hagen, no what did he find after he was thrown into the river?
what type of value would the euler or no make that the basel function have if there were finite primes?
how were natives, no, citizens back in europe feeling about news from celeron expedition?
what is another function that fundamental theorem of arithmetic no primes have that the number 1 does not?
who has er when did menich serve as president?
what unfccc resolution endorsed the ipcc no the un not unfccc?
what does 'pal monqolica' mean ahh actually what kinds of growth did kublai promote?
what is an underbid or rather tell me what issue is common in the financial planning field?
who has limited, good grief, i mean what helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor?
what were er what was not thought to decide a person's behavior?
what or rather who typically closes debates?
the snp gave how much pardon i meant many seats to labour?
what does wealth disparity make the world no rather the economy more prone to?
what is the name of the rows actually tell me what are flagella also called?
where rather who was one of the most famous people born in warsaw?
what demands uh instead position did the tax collector that arrested thoreau get?
when did the or no make that how did the equal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem?
what social problems no what nationality aren't researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett?
when was or rather what time frame does the six years war cover?
who had the idea of a natural state for objects in motion, scratch that, i meant at rest?
when was no in what year was 366,273 people in jacksonville?
when did the islamic republic no the um iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence?
where does or rather what does extension do to sediment that is less than a meter long?
what research, umm i mean report has the problem of a lack of scientific confidence?
what does the, actually, where can aeolian sand with a number of terraces be found?
how did or make that when did the jip dynasty begin?
what dental, sorry, medical school is located in allston?
when was instead tell me besides public key cryptography what is another application for military gear?
where does a canonball dropped from the mast i mean crow's nest of a ship actually land?
what was ban ki- no, sorry, what isn't economic growth sufficient for progress on?
what is instead specific relativity offers an equivalence between what?
at which or no rather what time did a river system develop in the upper rhine graben?
what type of forces act at very long distances or rather what forces are responsible for the interactions between atomic particles?
how much how many people lived in norway in 1348?
how fast is pharmacy technology or rather informatics growing?
tumor antigens are complexed with nk oh oops mhc class i molecules in the same way as what antigens?
what component no what determines whether the tentacles are on the balancers or not?
where does networking only operate no no sorry just tell me where was the packet switching used in the 1980s?
why do igneous rocks find uh like use gravel?
what additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion has cambridge purchased in allston?
what do low levels of gdp, oops, of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity?
the development of houses was stalled by what?
what can be provided whoops interpreted by individuals to determine if funding for course content is forbidden?
who went um no when was radcliffe's curriculum secularized?
how did germany or make that france focus its efforts to not rebuild its empire?
what is another way to devise no um state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime?
how many members no sorry i want to know how many seats are in the debating chamber?
in what type of ideals no theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal?
what major crop was brought to asia or no make that to china from the west?
in the early or no make that mid 20th century, who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number?
according to giuga's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by n sorry rather p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime?
why did davies call it packet switching as opposed to baran's oh nevermind just tell me why he never researched his theory, concept, idea, etc. prior to developing it?
what actress rather singer was in the hall of fame?
no question.
what goal does governmental no i mean islamism not have when it comes to society and government?
who was not the ideologue of the sharia law no the iranian revolution?
where are america's rather what are are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the harvard system?
how does or actually what type of growth do policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support ?
where does um wait why has the rhine been shortened?
what is missing a theory on the direct proportionality of acceleration, no make that on quantum gravity?
does lake constance no wait what is another name for lake constance?
after, no wait, what profession did many graduates of cambridge become in 1643?
the rock lorelei, no actually the rhine gorge is between koblenz and what other city?
who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clerks, i mean clocks?
cudworth's approach to science combined observation and what no i meant agassiz's?
what do bacteria use to move proteins from the host to the barrier, sorry, pathogen?
what makes no what is flexible construction similar to?
who distributes um i mean who is not required to follow financial rules and regulations?
where do no how do plankton fertilize their eggs?
is the weather of southern europe survivable for rats er fleas?
are oxford and cambridge rivals no wait what kind of rivalry do oxford and cambridge have?
when was no sorry who funds the ipcc's secretary?
what can the elected sorry i meant non-elected members from the scottish government not do?
what was wait no i mean how large is the pierre-auguste renoir piece?
which river joins the cologne no the rhine in duisburg?
what year or what organization did iqbal join in london?
completing p or uh q with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers?
what function is related to basel numbers no sorry related to prime numbers?
which uhh district of warsaw chose the president between 1990 and 1993?
when was the ming dynasty in power no change this to when did the yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters?
who does the presiding officer enact no submits the final bill to?
which border does the rhine flow to the south no sorry which border does it flow from the north?
when was no in what year were the oldest additions in hong kong opened?
what has recent testing what is a a developing economy's level of inequality bulging out called?
what was the hughes hotel umm rather grand 1401 building renamed as?
what includes transport no the all subjects which are not stated in schedule 6 to the scotland act?
what did john paul ii's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage no sorry i want to know what pope was native to poland?
how long did warsaw last as the capital of the russian oh no not russian but the polish-lithuanian commonwealth?
how much water does lake constance or sorry the aare give to the rhine?
the process er instead imperialism does not extend a country's power and what?
newton's second law, oops, fifth law, is the result of applying symmetry to what?
if he was arrested, what would happen to the leaflets that were handed out by schoon or make that by carter wentworth in court?
what do financial management no mortgage bankers study regarding the project?
what creates immunological detection uh memory before the initial responds to a pathogen?
when or no make that how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1983?
where did mongke khan attack the song dynasty or rather where did he defend it?
what was the racial makeup, uh scratch that the population density in 2000?
what weren't or actually why was tanaghrisson rejecting british efforts?
what does er what is warsaw's riding museum one of?
what is no rather who is the first japanese senator?
where was or no rather when was the first reference in history to prussia?
when did polonia ekstraklasa win the country's championship prior to 2013, that's not right, rather 2000?
what type of regime ruled over saudi arabia, uh make that the sudan for many decades?
when did king, oh sorry, general sejm make vilnius its permanent seat?
what did  er in what century was the term pharma last used?
what did davies no wait paul baran develop in the late 1950s?
what was the arwu or no make that the us news and world report ranked in terms of ceo positions in 2011?
who designed the roof, no just the garden for the university library?
what includes er what is associated with horizontal forces?
the presiding officer can increase debate rather speaking time if what?
how does the or no make that what does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws?
when did the egyptian islamic jihad attack leaders who held secular leanings no no assassinate anwar sadat?
what has happened to sedimentary, volcanic and intrusive rock in northwestern canada or no make that in the grand canyon?
what percentage of wellington or no actually of new zealand students attended private schools in april 2014?
what three no no i mean two scientists were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity?
how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have or rather how many oxford university trustees conceived the main quadrangles' master plan?
who called for an agency to be spearheaded the efforts against islamism no created to be solely focused at undermining the islamism ideology?
what repulsion sorry i mean force that causes rigid strength in structures?
when did the cambrian sorry the cretaceous-paleogene extinction happen?
who cannot operate internet pharmacies or rather who often operates them?
what did mote think the yuan class system didn't represent no rather really represented?
what is the force exerted by standard torque, no make that gravity, on one ton of mass?
how far is orlando i mean miami from jacksonville?
where is the european union or no make that warsaw as in carpathian?
#value!
what is jacksonville's hottest or rather highest recorded monthly temperature?
when did no no how long did peat mining from the roman times last for?
objects of static equilibrium no of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights?
where were the records, sorry, writings of plato acclaimed in 1846?
students paid how much in total to go to harvard in 2007?
when did ralph woodward come to san joaquin i mean fresno?
post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete core curriculum no how many general education classes towards degree?
what is or no make that who is the president of afghanistan?
in 1758 no wait 1785 no i'm sorry in 1758, what was duc de choiseul's plan for unfocused military efforts?
what action did brownlee take against civil disobedience um wait no gcsb waihopai that caused them to close temporarily?
in what year did hoesung lee sorry rather el gizouli resign from the ipcc?
who was lee meredith i am sorry jacksonville's mayor at the time of the consolidation?
how old is the oxford or no ncaa division i ivy league competition?
who is one of the authors of the ipcc nope wgi summary?
who no no what two railroads have railyards in the city of fresno?
when was no in what year did the tudor era begin in england?
what kind of conjectures no of what form is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of schinzel's hypothesis?
what happens as they build phase 2 or i guess phase 1 not 2?
what delimits oh uh what did the rhine branch off to form in austria?
why must no make that what must all research be according to the ipcc guidelines?
who drove or no make that what drove rental prices in east new york?
what was the name of the first german settlement or rather tell me the name of the second settlement?
after the introduction of the host network no the x.25 in 1973, how many network technologies had been developed?
what semuren er mongolian system did kublai's government uncompromise with?
where did the large number no the plague originate?
extensions of what drew sailors from taurus or wait to jacksonville?
to successfully starting or rather completing bidding on a project, what is necessary?
who won the battle of lake niagara no wait lake george rather?
what is the annual temperature on record for fresno no the hottest i mean?
which or no make that what theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory?
which approval process rather reports follow a different procedure than the assessment reports?
interior design firm usually have what types of employees ?
what monarchy did us or no make that eastern troops protect?
what is an important type no um concept in crystallization?
what show did bob gallion sorry tell me what lupe mayorga starred in?
who fought er when was the french and indian war?
what type of plea is no let me rephrase what is the same as a no contest plea?
how long is old rhine bridge no um sorry lake constance?
le grand concludes that an author's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of definition um i mean terminology?
what acceptance rate does the early action program have for 2007 umm no rather 2019?
what does factorization of quadratic number fields or uh quadratic equations approximate?
where oh i mean who did the attacks resonate least with?
where can copepod be found in large amounts no sorry ctenophores not copepod?
what became no what was the first state to have set educational standards?
when did or no after what event did the spanish concede florida to britain?
who argued for including the graph in the project or rather final report?
who wrote before i fall no sorry who won the pulitzer prize as well as the nobel prize?
what forest is by warsaw's or no rather by kampinos's southern border?
what letter didn't marin no washington present to saint-pierre?
where were most communities no municipal services concentrated at?
what party had a victory in the 2005 no 2015 uk election?
what types of diseases are specialty drugs no longer used against or actually tell me which type of diseases they're often used against?
after albany no no braddock was born, who controlled north american british forces?
what are lower, nope that but higher doses of anti-inflammatory drugs used with?
what is the, oh actually, by what process can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner?
what outcomes are expected with no not expected medication therapy management?
which area of china did japan conquer in 1935 no wait tell me what country did japan force into an alliance?
what causes dissipated no city funding to increase?
what organization er what did the rand corporation do?
when did no actually make that what conviction did many poles have regarding how the germans thought of themselves?
what two public officials, oops no that um, agencies, conflict under the definition of civil disobedience?
who along with china, scratch that, russia supported post ww-i communist movements?
in 2015 no i think 2016, who replaced isaac as the provost?
when did no how much time after charles darwin, did william smith develop the principles of succession?
discovery of gas in scotland no the north sea resulted in what?
when was there an outbreak no a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland?
if the apparant force of two fermions is discrete intrinsic angular no repulsive, what is the spin function?
of poland's inhabitants in 1944 er 1901, what percentage was catholic?
what was the period called that was 505 years ago or rather 505 million years ago?
bolinopsis no haeckelia prey mostly on what animal?
where did kublai no wait i meant where did mongke khan attack the song dynasty?
how were or no rather what were later yuan emperors interested in?
what administrative division did the chinese government um no kublai leave modified?
who are debates and meetings, no, uh first uh what typically sits tuesdays, wednesdays, and fridays?
how did harvard introduce a new era in football no sorry yale?
what does or rather what group has no feeding appendages?
how many types of body or uh sediment particles have gained the most attention recently?
how does the srex no the ipcc prepare special reports?
what net loss did the edinburgh pentlands no um conservatives suffer?
where in las vegas, on actually, what sentence was francis heisler given when she was found guilty?
to calculate instant angular acceleration  of a rigid body how would you no rather what would you see?
lots of helper cells, sorry i mean tumor cells  have fewer of what type of molecule on their surface?
how did or no make that what did pachauri resign as chair of the ipcc?
what is type of fault boundary oh shoot the mechanism for plate tectonics?
why did the theory of the earth no um hutton believe the earth needed to be much younger than previously believed?
what did the german, oh no, polish citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii's words to be?
the modern name for this system made no no no credited to who?
strictly speaking who was included in pad er sorry datanet 1
what  offers a conceptual definition of force no scratch this and give me an example of a metaphysical concept?
what is no who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it's within the powers of the parliament?
how many er what type of outlook do some of the non-muslims in london have?
where did polish citizens no um john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw?
where are the rows of cilia located or rather rows of combs?
in which year was the gerald palevsky athletic commons constructed no developed?
which or no make that what year did adolf hitler rise to power?
when did the spanish no actually the um german no french construct kings road?
what defense was used by benjamin spock or no make that steven barkan?
wbai's broadcasting some of joseph haas or uh george carlin's comedy eventually led to what?
when did the reign of suleiman the magnificent no um ottoman empire fall?
what did er instead by how much did labour lead lain gray retain east lothian?
how many uh never mind what neighborhood is edward harkness formerly from?
during what word was jacksonville a key supply point for the south no i meant the north?
what sort of standards were developed no protocols?
who established or how many chosen numbers exist?
how many people's territory was under the islamic states' control in march 2015 or rather february 2015?
what theory led to quantum electromagnetics no not that i want to know what theory quantum theory was used to develop?
which us er what modern forms of travel took visitors to other parts of florida?
what did the mongols establish in the area of the former kingdom of qocho no wait tell me what kind of work did the han do in central asia?
who i mean what was a popular type of variety show during the yuan?
what did or tell me who besides the british colonized asia?
what is not a response that is caused by inflammation no a symptom caused by inflammation?
what theory of self, oopsie, theory of immunity is no longer influential?
how would no instead for what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting?
what or no make that how many layers of cells with a sandwiched jelly-like layer do complex animals have?
what are molecules no peptides that help microbes flourish called?
where else no uh make that what else contributes to jacksonville's summer storms other than land heating beside the water?
when did the meuse and waal diverge further upstream at the north sea no at gorinchem?
supplies from jacksonville were in support of which faction during the revolutionary war no no i'm talking about during the civil war?
who leads er what was the first internet2 network created with nlr?
how amy, oh sorry, what legion did the romans enter from the other side of the empire?
what is expected no what lake no longer has any silt?
what has er where does the rhine river's measurement end?
when did no in what year was the clergy um no the domesday book written?
how many people lived in uganda no no in china in the 1300s?
where does the posterior i mean the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north?
the maroons compete in what association no rather what league division?
when was the late-glacial valley discovered uh no the peel boundary fault?
mps representing scottish or no make that english constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country?
how many members, well actually, what is the number of constituency msps?
what may a force on one part of an object affect no no sorry what does not have extended structure?
what former no which one of fresno's hotels burned down?
which or make that what group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the austrian government?
why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption, i mean higher growth?
lake constance separates the german state bavaria from which or no make that from what other one?
the warsaw philharmonic edifice, oh, i mean, the paris palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture?
how was the transfer of disease through fleas er black death spread in europe?
what supplanted i mean is level two of the connection-orientated operation?
how did hobson argue to get rid sorry not rid the world of imperialism?
what do msps who are not in the chamber when the dissent instead maybe division bell rings return to do?
what are not used sorry used in non-typical investigations?
during which or no make that what war did the western allies cross the rhine bridge at arnhem?
what kind er why did the university eventually leave the conference?
something that is considered a no fundamental no a non fundamental error is the belief that a force is required to maintain what?
which are hold on where are reserved matters stated in the scotland act?
abilene referred  no a higher capacity network was formed by what project?
what city did the grand canal never reach during kublai khan no i mean during the yuan?
particle physics has created a unique model to describe who or rather what?
when do you performing trial division i mean what must the integer m be greater than or equal to in this equation?
vaginal secretions serve as a pathogen no a chemical protective barrier following what?
donald davies is credited when actually wanted to know what with
where does the increase wait no tell me where the pattern of lower income-longer lives still hold true?
fungi no commensal flora can change what specific conditions of their environment in the gastrointestinal tract?
which sciences or umm what type of languages flourished in the yuan?
where was no i mean what was removed from the list of the unesco world heritage sites?
le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and maze of semantical what other problem?
what wasn't um who ordered loudoun to defend louisbourg?
what type of number did the early greeks consider 1 to be or i guess what type of number do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be?
where are some of the highest-reference no the best medical facilities in east-central europe located?
during what era uh yeah period was southern tethys no shoot europe discovered?
theories on imperialism use what or no make that which country as a model?
what doctrine did the doctrine of the principles of umm geology successfully promote?
the x.25 has an orderly delivery of packets or rather instead of orderly had a simpler what?
how did no make that why did the navy give a speech in court?
what is antigone i mean to say creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play?
who spread umm what was considered to be a major milestone?
who congratulated the snp on the seat of former party leader i meant to say their loss?
how long um no where was the summer theatre located?
what are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during sleep, oops, wake periods?
which or no rather what type of number generators make use of military gear?
zoning requirements my bad what is primarily and independent effort?
the us expansion westward could be viewed as which or no make that what type of colonialism?
what do a and b represent in a rational prime no in gaussian integer expression?
civil disobedients have chosen which or i mean many different kinds of what type of behaviors?
who governed the central region in the hebei uh instead the yuan?
what day of the week are polls, i mean, general elections held?
how does or no make that what does decreasing inequality harm?
in the fifth session, what type of committee, no mandatory committees exist in what?
what was the most important discovery that led to the intimate coupling no the understanding that earth's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates?
how many legions in germania oh no five bases were along the rhine by the romans?
what no when did the university open a center in hong kong?
what balance between speakers is the presiding chairman rather officer trying to achieve?
when was charles darwin born, oh sorry, that should be sir charles?
who was new france's governor no sorry it's old governor?
who was er when was the bolelsaw duchy reincorporated into the polish crown?
the successful searches for what forced no showed that the elementary particles are not observable?
how did no when did the warsaw uprising begin?
how many primes were included in derrick norman lehmer's list of prime numbers or rather how many were included in the early greek's?
which confucian advisers or uhh tribes did genghis khan fight against?
what storm crisscrossed the state damaging the pier oy hitting jacksonville in 1964?
how does colonialism no i mean what does colonialism lack that imperialism has?
how are results uh forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt?
what native or where was marin's second fort constructed?
how many total miles is woodward park no i guess total acres not miles?
no question n/a
what type or rather which committees do not reflect the balance of parties across parliament?
what did the warsaw confederation formally establish in 1655 er uh like 1573?
how, no, when did robert koch discover the yellow fever virus?
what happens er uh why are memory cells not considered adaptive?
when did maynard hutchins no jay berwanger win the maynard trophy?
the loudoun attack on louisbourg was ordered by who?
what evidence did louis agassiz or rather plato use to explain life-forms?
some of the water in lake constance what lake on a german island receives a fraction of the rhine's flow?
what  university graduate is also a minimalist composer ?
what meetings are closed to the public or rather plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on tuesday afternoons from 1pm to what?
based on size alone no i mean population alone, what is jacksonville's ranking in the united states?
how umm rather when do vaginal secretions become less acidic?
what causes the juveniles or rather population of ctenophora to grow at an explosive rate?
what are private secondary schools oh no most public schools not a part of?
who no i mean what controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production?
where was or no make that when was operation market garden?
what does the measurements of a rock tell geologists no the deformation?
jellyfish and sponges no um sorry sea anemones belong to what phylum?
when was no what year did the university team up with chicago no shimer college?
who issued the royal proclamation of 1763 no of 1736?
how many harvard art museums are there?
who distributes money from the united nations environment programme no um annual trust fund?
which was the mongolian's or no make that the yuan's official state religion?
what is name of the function used for the largest formula er integer not greater than the number in question?
what describes objects not moving freely or rather what theory best describes gravity?
what are islamist no incompetent government's commitment to social justice not limited to?
the muslim brotherhood's competence is different no wait compares well against what type of local governments?
when no wait why did the demand for rentals decrease?
when was the phags-pa script invented no i guess when was it destroyed?
what is the name of the two-tentacled cydippid that feedsentirely on salps called?
where was the great theatre building housed the upati institute of dramatic arts no the leon theatre located?
according to the united nations ugh instead oxfam, the 58 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people?
what function is related to basel numbers or wait tell me what kind of mathematical nature prime problems are?
what type of professionals i mean preparation do pharmacists have?
where did spanish catholics move after the british took control of the formerly french no spanish territory of florida?
in what year did the u of c associate with shimer er maybe kalamazoo college, located in mount carroll?
what cells or what do helper t cells recognize killer t cells as?
packets travel via dedicated path no if they travel via different routes, then how do they arrive in order?
when was the north american erm european portion of the seven years war complete?
the three page beadle uh kalven report was issued in which year?
what was the average age uhh or i guess fraction of the population in the middle east died of the plague?
what does er what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 +1/4 ... shows that there is an infinite number of basels?
who included 1 or what number did henri lebesgue not regard as a true number?
what co-receptor are infected with pathogens oopsie makes recognition more difficult?
what are packets no intermediate forwarding nodes?
where is er uh how many times has ekstraklasa won the cup?
what profession was the artist born in warsaw i mean nathan gorska?
where forgive me when was the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation (srex) issued?
what is the growth elasticity of poverty no make that what does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve?
what was temur khan's chinese-style name no sorry his japanese-style name rather?
what could the response against any no what promote free radical production during sleep times?
when was or uh from what landmark within fresno does the tower theatre get its name?
what forces er what type of skills does the market bid down compensation for?
who or make that what served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions?
how many streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1885 no 1931?
between which two streets along kearney boulevard were the local gang, whoops sorry wealthy african-americans at one time residing?
what was no what is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form?
when did swabia discover that the rhine entered had entered their borders no francia?
what miami no sorry jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the navy?
was the black death erm i meant the bubonic plague spread faster or slower than modern bubonic plague?
how high were the winds around st. augustine during the 1964 instead 1871 hurricane?
who did thoreau, no sorry, thoreau mentions what type of person could corrupt a government system?
in what year was harvard college renamed no no scratch that in which year was the charter granted for harvard corporation?
what caused, no i mean what drew would-be jacksonville tourists to other florida destinations?
setting food standards, no no, setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act?
japan forced what country into an alliance, sorry, who they didn't force?
what space-time path is viewed no seen as a curved line in space?
how many or actually what percentage of british children are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools?
what does operational definitions no pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces?
of what form are factorization domains, oh um actually what form are rational primes?
what han uh rather yuan policies did muslims dislike?
how long was russia uh rather germany occupied by poland?
what is the active form of vitamin c no i mean d known as?
when was er what egyptian president jailed hundreds of members of the brotherhood?
how was or no rather when was middle and western francia formed?
a forced trade agreement between two countries is not a power er instead an example of what?
what is not used by any form of organism um no invertebrate?
how do platycenida live oh sorry how many tentacles does the aboral have on its pharynx?
what type of cathedral no sorry architecture can be found in the st. john's tower?
when did er who caused the dissolution of the holy roman empire?
what applies or why do some people purposely resist officers of the law?
why do some, or rather, what does being a conservative do to the seriousness of a protest?
what can prevent non-fatal injuries or rather what are other major fatality causes?
the rotational inertia of earth no planet mars is what fixes the what?
what is the population no wait what was the white population of jacksonville as of 2010?
what do molecular biologists believe cydippids ermm sorry, instead lagerstatten are closely related to?
in what year did david tappan die make that harvard president joseph willard?
what are no phagocytes can be called to a specific location by what?
how would no what else was used by pharmas?
which or no make that what type of revolution did maududi advocate?
the city of pritzker is home to which school no no university?
what kinds no what does 'pax mongolica' mean?
when did syrian forces invade iraq no um eastern?
what is viewed as a momentum no a force in gr?
on what lake did troops launched no defend fort william henry in winter?
what did a greedy merchant do to  the mermaid no no to triton rather?
when was st. john's cathedral no not that one i mean baryczko, when was it constructed?
when was or wait who wrote the american times bestselling book titled \"the closing of the american mind\"?
ctenophores and cnidarians are labelled as no classified as what?
where did maududi's books place sorry not place islam?
which amtrak provides train service in fresno?
the united states islands are made up almost entirely of what or rather hawaiian islands are almost entirely made of what?
what occupation receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition?
what was the or make that who was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity?
where was the no no wait who wrote \"the american war\"?
the first buildings of the university of oxford are designed no are known as what?
how many of the european theater's planned expeditions were successful, no they were pitt's expeditions?
what are or rather how can you find the absolute age of sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes?
what began no what was the purpose of nsf?
what is the name of the university i mean who runs it the university of chicago?
, about what percentage of swedish students attended private schools as of 2008?
where is or what i want to know is what type of space in warsaw are the botanic garden and university library garden?
what is the medieval franciscan pharmacy no longer used as at present, oh make that the esteve pharmacy, and what is it no longer used for?
what group operates acg new zealand international college or i mean st dominic's college in wanganui?
what type no what don't supporters of islamism believe their views reflect?
how does the or no make that what does the ipcc rely on for research?
what was the product or uh name of the first successful credit card?
where around i mean in warsaw can patriotic and political objects connected with poland's struggles for independence be found?
how many societal class divisions were in the plan han rejected, oh not him, kublai?
where do or no actually in what part of the city did residents suffer from a lack of city services?
how did the or no what did the non-afghan veterans returning home not have in addition to their prestige?
mohammad iqbal was who what long term agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the east?
what project was abilene the prime investor no no just tell me what abilene referred to?
how is no make that what is no different between online pharmacies and community pharmacies?
what goal no what have the two different islamist movements been described as oscillating between?
who is the or no make that what is the name of the country's longest continuously running the film society?
what can you say about a fault that penetrates the top rocks and sorry but not the lower formations?
when was the third franco no the third german empire founded?
what is held inside the bureaucratic no the legal formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries?
what was the name of the peaceful era between france and westphalia or no make germany?
in what year did the marine bays join the sea no in what century?
when was an early admission program reintroduced?
what was the outcome of living in the remoteness oh yeah the california redwood tree?
who argued that the revolution, uh the, ussr had itself become an imperialist power?
what was haensch or sorry schuenemann's first name?
how are private schools in ireland oh no school fees in the rest of the world compared to ireland?
where was no when was otto von bismarck born?
what type of venue is the chamber opera no the autumn wielki?
mitchell tower wait no uh rather hutchinson hall was designed to look like what oxford hall?
what continues er what started with a zero velocity?
when did the us no how long has the u.s. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism?
what pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all pathogens or rather eukaryotes?
what type er what does non-revolutionary civil disobedience want to overthrow?
the down turned boat skylights are designed no located in what lobby?
what is the shortest river in germany no wait just tell me the average width of the rhine?
in what century did modern bubonic plague separate no rather struck europe?
what were british plans allied with north american, oh actually the french?
which non-governmental groups are participants of the observer, uh i mean, plenary sessions?
what is not the origin of healthcare, no wait, of clinical pharmacy?
the bend in strasbourg no on the rhine goes from the west to what direction?
an adobe that provides more utility to one person than another is a marginal no an example of reduced what?
if a matter is not specifically reserved what or no make that who is it devolved to?
what fire left 1000 people homeless sorry 2000?
what is used to describe or like figure the relative strengh of gravity?
luxury homes were plagued with no were built on what corner?
what was the result of the disobedience protesting the nuclear site no sorry i just want to know what type of sentences the protesters were given?
why did al-qaeda tell syria, wait no, isil to take a hike?
how does the pathogen kill the phagolysosome no rather the phagocyte?
what action or uh why is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent?
the process of diplomacy, no let's change that to, imperialism never focused on controlling which group of people?
which are the or no make that what are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called?
what does the experiments or rather magma chamber evolution explain?
what does the template for bills passed by the monarch or actually i mean by the scottish parliament include?
a flow of water can not be considered a force er uh an artifact of what?
how are members of parliament decided no i mean who chooses which member to address the members of parliament to share their opinions related to faith?
who was er what is the mayor of menich called?
what is or what do closed rivers serve as after they close?
who did britain exploit in indian, oh i'm sorry, who did they not exploit?
how could human inequality be addressed without resulting  what does the current low level of population have a large impact on?
what did britain, sorry it was france, offer that was rare by imperial standards?
what struggle um no sin were the leaders the extremists attacked innocent of?
what was the ratio of french settler to english, sorry british to english?
which is er uh what does the urban education institute help run?
what encouraged drama or uh trade under the yuan?
what news magazine transitioned to being exclusively online in 2011 er uh 2009?
what experience no wait policy did the kelven report contain?
what can or instead what is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries?
what unified response, no sorry sorry, political response was convening in june/july 1745?
what does rhine start hold on how long is the rhine?
what did mongols think the yuan class system didn't represent no no what did mote think?
what umm rather who threw hagen into the river?
creon demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called no sorry in which play did sophocles demonstrate civil disobedience?
what has had a negative impact on the labor markets in scandinavia, apologies i mean the un?
what has been the main cause or like reason for the inequality i mean for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth?
how many ministries of the scottish government or no i mean what is the scottish parliament currently in the fourth of?
which or no make that what union is antonis samaras a part of?
what was the, uh no actually, where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000?
what wasn't chief hendrick er uh william johnson's role in british military?
what did er what period did the emergence of feeding mechanisms come from?
what was considered to be incorrect for the services given out by pad ah no dang it kpn?
what year was casimir wola born in krakow or wait warsaw?
where was the or no make that when was the fresno county courthouse demolished?
which year was german town or no make that chinatown founded?
in the eu in 2009, what safety equipment um hmm no what was the fatal injury rate among construction workers?
which no actually what method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot?
what does cnidarians or sorry ctenophora rely on for digestion and respiration?
what grew or uh what river runs alongside jacksonville?
when are i mean where do plenary meetings take place?
what or no make that how many bodies of water makes up lake constance?
when was er how did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology?
who is or no make what is an example of a less sophisticated defense mechanism that jawed vertebrates have?
who said, hmm actually, what are you surrounded with if trying to study about violence in society?
when did hamas drive the plo out of palestine, sorry, out of gaza?
at what level are 13% of children in scottish public schools, no make that, in independent schools?
the receptors on a killer t cell must bind to which or make that how many mhc: antigen complexes in order to activate the cell?
which theory no i mean what theory led to quantum electromagnetics?
while competition or uh what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot?
what is the depth or no the height of the section that turns north?
how much of the student population went to private schools in 1979, sorry, 1984?
some people describe modern extension no they describe what between individuals or groups as imperialism or colonialism?
where does oops no i mean what does the rhine merge with outside of germany?
what determines no i meant to say what is the crystal lattice made out of?
what does or instead what is featured on the city of fresno's city flag?
what is the name of the east-western route no i mean the longest bridge in germany?
how large is fresno county or no make that the san joaquin valley?
what civil rights or uh what was the the movement called that brought baltic countries independence from the soviet union?
as of 2014 how quickly is technology no um building material being printed?
promoted research or instead first hat is nsfnet
what are or no make how well are teachers paid in public schools in australia?
what do geochronologists no um magnetic stratigraphers use isotopes to study?
who won or uh where was french advance to?
who stated er when was the rhine measurement corrected back to the original?
what is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of numbers, umm rather primes whose difference is 2?
salafism posits that funding no democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the 20th century?
the university of chicago no make that the chicago government is made up of what type of students?
how many posters are in warsaw no sorry how many museums are there?
what is will wilkinson um no thomas b. edsall's profession?
what civilization, uh who discovered pottery found on black hammock island?
which or no make that what type of theory utilizes and studies noetherian arithmetic?
juvenile cydippad act like what, no platyctenids?
what type of study is no scratch that what experiment can be performed on large settings that cannot be on small settings?
how does constructing a project no sorry who it not fail to benefit?
in what year did the second wave of the plague hit england, no actually it hit the netherlands?
in what month i mean year did the scavenger hunt begin?
who umm i mean what is used by certain unwealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them?
during which period did st. augustine uh rather jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich?
what does digging a foundation prevent damage to or rather what likelihood does marking existing utility lines lessen?
the smallest party in parliament is arranged in a no they sits in the middle of what?
in what city did the king of paris or no make that the king of france live in?
which is er how many non-muslim empires have used imperialism?
le grand asks for a variance in civil disobedience no of what three terms?
who concluded that or instead what year is average co2 levels expected to increase by 90%?
what is the highest range a school charges no um sorry a student would pay when boarding in a scottish school?
what racial group  no what was the population density in 1970?
who was no what is pedanius dioscorides known for?
what do the cbse and the cisce both have the finances uh alternatively the power to govern?
how old was toghun temur when he became emperor or make that senator?
what were or no actually how many city officials were indicted due to corruption?
cells of the site of an infection in a animal no wait plant undergo what process to prevent spread of the disease?
which or make that what percentage of whites are hispanic or latino?
what caused, no, when did otto von bismarck die?
orientalism refers to how the east, opps, the south developed a what of the north?
who wasn't given land by british government for development of iroquois no ohio country?
what body constitutes the supreme legislature of the united kingdom, er,scotland?
what does analog models no critically tapered mean?
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative mechanics, i'm meant, forces described?
when was the mass high school education movement actually remove high school and tell me when the middle school education movement occured?
when did the danube or no rather the rhine stop being the roman boundary?
who do public no preparatory schools in scotland prepare to enter public schools?
a sedimentary rock or make that an igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what?
why or no rather when was there a reduction in the number of scottish mps?
what can no can't work to even the progressive oops no distribution of wealth?
what was the treaty of aix-la-chapelle no no end of the war of the austrian succession?
what substances do unhealthy no wait healthy cells produce?
are link parameters acceptable um no they are based on size?
what can you find rather what does the museum of the polish army portray the history of?
in what month and year did the black death spread east through germany nointo france?
what equation has consequence no the described the physics of force before the current schrodinger equation?
how is no what is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own?
what took a quiescent stance towards israel instead what organization is devoted to jihad against israel?
in u.s. states, what happens to the economic no wait sorry the life expectancy in less economically equal ones?
what many projects does the centre is the oldest exhibition site in ujazdow?
how many sorry i mean much of the lake connecting the rhine can you see from the germanic islands?
what is thwarted at a meeting of parliament, no i'm sorry, what is considered at one of their meetings?
what did the university undergo during hutchins 24 or no make that 33 year tenure?
the largest engineer projects or rather construction projects are known as what?
when did the spelling with rh- in english rhine come from sorry what century?
what has or how long have humans been impacting the delta for?
what is the french err instead english translation of tawhid?
what type er how are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to?
what had zulfiqar, uh no, bhutto planned on banning within six months, before he was overthrown?
what shakespeare scholar is currently on the university's faculty or rather which paleontologists is a current faculty member?
along with illiterate adults, no trusts, what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in india?
what is or uh who defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship?
what type of republic dude i mean sanctions has canada directed at iran?
how is no actually what's one factor in eroding self-esteem?
wht fields have increased which provinces in canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing?
what is used to estimate fuel consumption or rather emissions?
how high were the winds around st. augustine during the 1871 hurricane or rather how fast were the winds around st. augustine in the 1964 hurricane?
who congratulated or actually tell me who announced that she would not step down as party leader?
how was er when was the essay written by modern activists published?
what warmed up from 22,000 years ago rather exposed the former coasts of europe?
who was old france's governor no sorry not the old but the new france's governor?
when do offspring secrete no when do antibodies not circulate in?
who named the outbreak no the pathogen yersinia pestis?
where are leukocytes no neutrophils rarely found?
the muslim brotherhood's movement i mean competence does not compare against what type of local governments?
how old is no where is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located?
who was poland or no make that warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the jewish government?
how unsuccessful was initial effort by william shirley, uh i mean braddock?
what do symbolic classes no no um wait yeah protests accomplish according to julia butterfly hill?
is english the only language used in scottish parliament meetings or is there another language they've use?
what continued eastward no southward and is also considered the first rhine river?
what do streamlines have at the oral end no what do epithelial cells have at the oral end?
what was new briton's arrival no response to celeron?
how did or no what has the fish larvae caused a sharp drop in?
how many projects does the centre currently realize a month no sorry per year?
revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of what or make that of who?
what event did harvard, uh cornell win in 2003?
what is the no how much revenue is private?
which alumni or no make that what alumni was also an attorney general and a federal judge?
what other role do many pharmacists like excuse me avoid?
what year er when was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles?
what kind of tribe er rock did the hero siegfried discover?
what responds instead what cells do not possess an alternative t cell receptor?
who discovered what was the area where jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years?
who explored ohio territory in 1574 sorry 1570?
where does islamist groups no pamas originate?
what did no rather where did a not-bloody civil war break out?
what forces shouldn't serve as a brake on productivity, no, on wealth concentration?
how much no wait what percentage of the student body is accepted to the phi beta kappa honor society each year?
what does or like who has limited productive potential when faced with less access to education?
who won the nobel prize in 430 bc no 1905?
how long or rather what position in the government does robert gates hold?
who leads the internet2 no the qwest consortium?
how was the or no rather when was the british east india company established?
what is the immune system never generated to fight, oops i mean antibodies?
the north uh rather the west saw the east as what?
what category um why were roman catholic schools founded?
what characteristics oops what were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have?
what memoir did william maclure, oops wrong one, william smith write that was published in the society's transactions?
what can or uh what do wages work in the same way as for any other good?
what type of movies were produced in new york no in jacksonville's 30 studios?
in sept 1706 who granted vaudreuil's request i mean negotiated a capitulation from montreal?
what food bacteria is an example of food poisoning no intracellular pathogenesis?
parliament elects a junior minister no the second minister from whom?
in which magazine did ipcc no the oppenheimer defend the consensus approach?
how many uh i mean what are auricles?
where did mongke khan no who led a mongol defense on the song dynasty?
who or no make that what doesn't introduce inequality to a country?
how many people work for swedish no yeah kunskapsskolan schools?
what does purchasing power or uh tell me what political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power?
what is  no what play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience?
when were joseph schumpeter err no how did hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism?
how can you protest against wbai and its policies as an individual no sorry how can an individual protest against the government?
what fraction of the asian population was hmong?
what government department did kublai, uh, buyantu approve?
j. a. hobson sorry no friedrich ratzel thought what was not needed for a state to survive?
what is inequality associated with lower levels of no forget that and tell me what do extremely unequal societies tend to be?
where did no rather when was the third assessment report published?
aside from 12 ummm i mean 113 research institutes, how many research centers does the u of c operate?
the beneden merwede branches off from the northern branch into where umm rather what?
what other us state to have compulsory education nope person was involved in the case with runyon in 1972?
what processes occur that do petrologists use to study pressures at which different mineral phases appear?
it is now possible to convert old relative ages into what type of ages using geologic dating or i mean isotopic dating?
how was the soviet union no sorry sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to keep egypt from being in modern times and civilization?
the laws of physics remain constant no they change from being at rest when travelling in a what?
when was uh where was the muslim brotherhood founded?
what civilization was the name of the egyptian papyrus no the first known to clearly study infinite numbers?
who was it essential to iran or i mean islam to imitate?
who was the hospital's, oh gosh, i mean university's 5th president?
what month did the bankamericard creator rename no no um resign?
how does the actually i mean who does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage?
which plateau or what is the axis of warsaw which divides it into two parts?
what does the water flow of the rhine coincide oh uh merge with after flowing through merwede?
what  is the mouth of a pleurobrachia kept in no forget that and tell me what happens to some sheaths on cydippids to change their size?
what is uh or who realized that only some celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion?
the u of c has ties to several dependent schools or no make that institutions, including?
who moved his court from krak\\\\u00f3w to warsaw in 1313 um no i meant 1596?
what city principal no proper has a population of 1,345,596?
what percentage of hours of light are there in july errm rather december?
what year did hitler order the annihilation of the german ghetto?
when no i mean how are the differences in engineering recognized?
which or no uh rather what set is a seat added to after being allocated?
how long er what is the youngest rock to metamorphosize?
which city i mean section of the rhine is most factories found?
which or no make that what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757?
what type of civil disobedience er did ghandi think that using your conscience accomplished?
during which years was the plague present in ottoman or rather in islamic countries?
in 1845 no 1846 who's natural history lectures were acclaimed in new york and harvard?
what is the eukaryotic parasite that causes rather is responsible for malaria known as?
what other clashes weren't involved in taking fort beaus\u00e9jour no louisbourg?
on what date did john lawrence daly present the ipcc in 2000 no 1995 report?
what organization is devoted to jihad against israel or rather\u007f iraq?
what did no who serves as attorney general as well as top political advisor to the president?
how many people in goryeo are descended from confucius no in quzhou?
when did the yuan experiment with paper money, no i mean il-khanate?
what is another method no word for the study of past and current life?
who created rand er uh arpanet in the united states?
originally built with four layers, what protocols no i mean how many layers did dec evolve to have?
what building  no sorry what were the saxon palace and br\\u00fchl palace in prewar warsaw?
what garden covers an area of 76 ha., oh sorry what park?
who was the first no the third of kublai's chinese advisers?
in what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1756 no no in 1765?
what are xenoliths similar uh instead made out of?
what is formed when the three types of rock are re-melted ?
which theorem would be invalid if the number 2 or wait 1 were considered prime?
what will a society, oh i'm sorry, i meant to ask, an adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what?
what do no where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school?
where was an elected assembly to be set up, under the terms of the scotland act of 1979, nope make that the act of 1978?
how many people no what was the population of stockholm?
which khanates had not converted to buddhism ugh instead islam?
how many beds does the umm maria sklodowska-curie institute of oncology give or no sorry have?
which are or no rather what are the three building subsectors?
who was not an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in britain, sorry, india?
what cells er gamma delta t cells share the characteristics of what other types of t cells?
which country does the moselle river encounter it's main tributaries no not the moselle but the rhine river?
how do structural geologists use instruments or rather measurements of geological structures to better understand the orientations of faults and folds?
how far does one pharmacy what sorts of items are displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum?
how does or actually tell me when do juvenile develop into adults?
what organization offers binary data no monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits?
who developed the finnish research network, the arpanet no sorry the cyclades packet?
who was given a final summary no a projection that included in the final summary?
what denomination er how many affiliates are connected to the acg new zealand international college?
how much no make that what plans of the british did this attach on oneida carry set back?
what type of organism is no scratch that what are killer t cells are dis-activated by?
what south african missionaries or uh law recognized two types of schools?
by when did most of algeria, oh sorry, make that france's colonies, gain their independence?
what or rather which journal was the joint statement published in?
what does or instead what will a society with more equality have?
where did war erupt or rather where was it fought?
melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the stress uh instead production of what?
when did no wait where did ribault erect the flag claiming the land for france?
how are the total numbers of votes no rather seats allocated to parties?
what kind of disorders i mean to say the loss of theymus at an early age prevents what?
at millingen aan de rijn where the waal no rhine splits, what does it change it's name to?
trial division involves dividing n by every integer m less than what or rather greater that what?
what political leaning does the cbo i mean the cato institute have?
who did what did charles darwin publish in 1830?
what religion or oh what type of practices did the yuan introduce in government?
what is the axis of warsaw no vistula which divides it into two parts?
when do excuse me who do states and governments often work in lockstep with?
where  did british soldiers live or rather where were populations centered in the colonies?
what building pardon  no i mean list was warsaw's old town inscribed onto in 1980?
where was parliament's temporary home whilst the parliament was in its temporary building ahem  the permanent building was being built?
what does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1948 no rather 1945?
what kind or uh who were two of kublai's chinese advisers?
before the cabinet can deliver dang it before the statement is delivered, who is questioned?
what do er uh what kind of diploma is given when graduating from a sonderungsverbot?
#value!
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the west rather east later become to be seen as?
what did maududi mean by islamic revolution or what is the french translation of tawhid?
what is the highest range of annual fees for non-boarding students in british public schools?
what is an no actually what does the word component generally suggest?
low or no make that high altitude as well as what contributes to jacksonville's lack of cold-weather?
according to giuga um uh wilson's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime?
when was no what was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects?
when was gunpowder tower instead when was st. john's cathedral constructed?
what is the delta delimited in the west by, oh make that the south?
what did the central secretariat no wait where was the central secretariat based?
how many rooms ah i mean stories doe the lavietes pavillion have?
who is elected using an open ballot or wait who are the two former deputies of parliament?
how much was destroyed no how much gun powder was saved?
who formed the universal theory of gravitation no sorry tell me who demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through two consistent theories?
what administrative division no who would have been the lowest-ranked class?
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his renounced violence no imprisonment?
what did charles darwin successfully publicize um rather promote?
what fault rather principle helps find the difference between a normal or thrust fault?
what year or where did the meuse flow before the flood?
what antigens are complexed with mhc class i molecules oops present differently than viral antigens?
what tends or uh what has the highest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality?
who were later kublai khan's successors no um yuan emperors isolated from?
what did the institute for policy studies no richest 40 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults?
in what year the great internet mersenne prime search, what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits?
why does no what does decnet stand for?
what else does an agency have a relationship with under the constitutional impasse i mean civil disobedience definition?
what does the big bang oh no the w and z boson exchange create?
how many people, uh no, asians represent what fraction of hmong?
what is bpo oh no instead fmcg's economy characterized by?
mohammad iqbal was what type of enemy to the iranian revolution no the state of pakistan?
what are some of the major no minor factors in the local economy?
who or no make that what proposed attacks did shirley plan?
when was the confederate monument in hemming park no fire that destroyed 146 buildings in jacksonville?
in what month is the teams uh ok instead university's scavenger hunt?
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area, what did duquesne or wait washington do?
how were some what is the usual form of the government's wealth redistribution?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the oh really in local alemannic dialect, what is the the singular form of the names of the islands formed by the rhine?
what type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine or rather what type of behavior in chosens is it possible to determine?
where is masovian uh instead tell me where kampinos forest is located?
when cultural imperialism no just imperialism impacts social norms of a state, what is it called?
which of the tributaries in france, oh that's not right, germany contributes most?
self molecules or no make that antigens bind to what in order to elicit a response of the immune system?
what system no language is used in chinese primary schools in malaysia?
who was thought to take the throne after kusala's death no to have killed tugh temur?
what do diets with diminished no um too much protein cause?
what is violating  no when the law is a direct target of the protest, what is this called?
which one of fresno's hotels  make that the pacific southwest building currently known as what?
what does the, oh actually, what does the large pharynx do in the beroe when its not feeding?
what year was the scottish constitutional convention held no wait tell me the year when demand for a scottish parliament declined?
what are or rather how are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared?
which or rather what are some large pharmacy management companies?
when did or no rather in what year did harvard and radcliffe admissions merge?
when was no what year did the the case go before the supreme court?
what problem did some graphs showing 12 proxy based temperature what problem did some tree ring data have?
when was the color crimson distinguished at harvard as official color no adopted?
who developed the same technology as baran no sorry tell me who davies told about baran's work?
which is or no rather what is more fundamental than force in quantum field theory?
what debate lasts for 55 minutes no forget that and tell me what other members do not normally contribute to?
in marxian analysis, capitalist firms substitute capital equipment for what kind of inputs?
how wide is the rhine in france no no germany?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization conjecture no um prime numbers have inspired?
what carries er in which century was the grand canal d'alsace ended?
how is king's college instead tell me how st andrew's college is run?
what happens or first what do self molecules bind to?
what was the core i meant the main idea of james hutton's paper?
what government is used in chinese secondary schools in malaysia no i meant language?
when did the university so sorry when were plans for the harris friedman institute announced?
how does uh what does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in?
which or no make that what chinese-style name did rinchinbal use?
who besides bowman no make that woodrow wilson did not have the idea for the inquiry?
what no sorry which liberal succeeded joseph willard as president?
what system or maybe the word is like index is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending?
how much did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2001 no 2100?
of which or no make that of what form do euler numbers take?
what jewish practice make that yuan policies did muslims like?
what was the u.s. information agency engaged, oops, charged with doing during the cold war?
which fort was rebuilt in 1565 or no make that in 1964?
what period was the tethys ocean no when did plates reverse directions to compress the tethys floor?
what happened to the british no the east india trading company in 1767?
what are secondary i mean private schools that charge no tuition called?
the university has academic programs no bachelor programs in fine arts in visual arts and what other subject?
how long is no actually what is the saxon garden in polish?
what happens when business underpay their workers no overpays?
what is kpn no wait kpn referred to datanet 1 as
the asante and mutapa empire were in which region, i mean the lunda empire was in which region?
what type of forested areas can be found on the lowest no the highest terrace?
how did or no make that what happened as a result of hydrothermal vents and underwater volcanoes that are transform boundaries?
how does instead what does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year?
what do redistribution mechanisms lead to or rather what introduces inequality to a country?
what percentage of the population of russia no no um poland was jewish in 1897?
when did no who created the cooperative agreement?
what was prime minister zulfiqar ali bhutto accused of using islamization to legitimize, oh it was actually zia-ul-haq?
helper and regulatory b cells or no make that t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules?
what is almost identical across all nations and jurisdictions no wait tell me what is never identical?
who is able to legislate on issues that are reserved to westminster no rather issues dealt with at westminster are not ones who is able to deal with?
when was no no sorry why was the michigan educational research information trio formed?
so how or what isn't thomas b. edsall's profession?
when was the pi\u0142sudski no the polish-bolshevik war fought?
which companies were registered in warsaw in 2006 no i mean how many ?
what river runs through poland or no make that through carpathia?
x.25 had datagrams no had less functionality because of what?
why did physicians, no, confucians like the medical field?
where wasn't um what proposed attacks didn't shirley plan?
who or no make that what is never involved in a review of prescribed medications?
how many people died from the black death in europe no no in northern africa rather?
in 1526 ugh 1562, who mapped the st. johns river?
what did families with incomes below $38,000 pay for tuition in 2007, no, 2009?
what is dallas soap opera no the cultural imperialism never referred to as?
how many, no let me ask; what was the fort that was being destroyed to be named?
who gave instead how has civil disobedience evolved in current times?
who rejected no no who wrote the nong shu?
what condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1 no wait according to wilson's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite?
who gained control of georgia ur uh florida after the conclusion of the revolutionary war?
how long did the 5th committeee no the 5th president's tenure last?
what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2015 hold on 2014?
what did guo shoujing i mean really was the english name of gou's math?
how many years no sorry days did the red army warsaw uprising last?
why was it no who said people involved in the ozone situation had \"a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties\"?
the abolition of the colonial powers, oh sorry, the ottoman caliphate is believed to have ended what system?
how many unmarried same-sex partnerships had kids, oh actually, how many opposite-sex couples?
what time frame does the seven years war cover or rather what time frame does it not cover?
when was william smith er uh charles darwin's theory of evolution published?
who extended no explained that reference frames subject to constant deceleration?
what extends downtown fresno, oh actually what divides it?
what political response was convening in june/july 1754 no uh wasn't convening?
what responsibilities whoops what is not included in medication therapy management?
what is the average construction earning or i guess like salary in the uk?
what is or what describes objects not moving freely?
when did no how many years did it take for the spring snow covers to melt?
what did conant guarantee preeminence among research in institutions no no develop to attract wealthy students to the school in 1933?
how do or like where does centripetal force go?
where is much of the work of the principal role done wait no scottish parliament?
when did the earliest  no what did the jewish people do so pagan items wouldn't be in the temple of jerusalem?
who or no make that what makes static friction go up or down in response to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on?
for who led the attack no what nation did riboult initially claim what is now jacksonville?
what are ctenophores used for or i guess cilia?
n/a
how many times has ekstraklasa won the cup no sorry polonia not ekstraklasa?
survival isn't at the heart of which or no make that what concept for workers?
what aren't no i mean when was king george's war?
how or wait when did kublai ban the international mongol slave trade?
whose idea or no make that what idea by charles lyell was widely accepted at the time of publication?
how many disasters no casualties did british get?
what was zulfiqar ali bhutto, erg zia-ul-haq supported for using islamization to legitimize?
what does industry or rather the ruhr provide to it's community?
what stage or actually what is submitted to only part of parliament for a full debate?
at o-level, what percentage of british students attend fee-paying schools no no actually sorry a level?
what are balance in an open force uh system of particles?
when did the mongols no um khan formally reject the yuan dynasty?
what  schools sorry denomination is associated with saint kentigern college?
western imperialism divided the globe according to which proposition no that should be theory?
what type of oh wait actually what is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the roman period?
what was the, or better yet, what makes day length constant on earth?
how did or rather when did embankment of the major rhine distribution take place?
where do physicians or no i mean clinical pharmacists work with patients?
what does less education lead to when working or rather what does more education lead to?
what type of theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon no the katyn fotoplastikon?
what molecules er why do differentiated effector cells ebb during wake periods?
what year was the d'angelo and rika library no i meant to say how many volumes does the john crerar library roughly hold?
can any body sorry no no who may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill?
what are the most important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system no the least important?
what did davies or no make that baran want to build with the system?
who did no make that what did george carlin tell the city council to do in new hampshire?
what cannot no sorry can construction projects suffer from?
when is uh instead uh what region does use the term 'private schools' to refer to universities?
how many no which is younger the french empire or the ethiopian empire?
how many developed countries did british researchers found problems i mean use to gather statistics from?
according to certain geographical theories what type of human does a subtropical no wait tropical climate produce?
clades are described as what?
the father of which emperor was a poet no a concubine?
where did the residents of jerusalem flee to due to the plague, sorry i mean the residents of antioch?
what was the common core composed of at the university of no the university's 5th president decided to get rid of football to do what exactly?
what was the name of the first french no wait the first german settlement?
who announced er who was elected on the lothian global list?
who funds or uh who started the ipcc trust fund?
how does the or no make that what does the mayor's council divide itself into?
where is polonia's street err i mean home venue located?
who acts as, no wait, what is the process of adding detailed plans and careful oversight?
why were the initial suggestions for a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland during the late 1960s um no a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved?
what summary states that greenhouse effect no not that i mean human activity that is responsible for the earth's cooling?
what months out of the year is the amphitheatre open no no woodward park which months is it open?
in what year did the epidemics uh first when did the mongol conquest of china begin?
what are two ways lava tubes are expanded umm rather added during deformation?
what is er what organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 150,000 digits?
in what, um sorry, what is lower in public schools rather than private ones?
why did academic and research institutions need csnet uh nsf's help connecting to arpanet?
what can help a student get a scholarship for a private no public school?
what bank no what city has one of the smallest ports in germany?
what does er what is the result of rebellion according to black's law dictionary?
nuclear forces are no no i mean conservative forces include what?
what usually carries description no sediment particles from one place to another?
who founded the office of western medicine,  oop, eastern medicine?
what water oops actually river separates the rhine from duisburg?
why do some  no sorry going to jail accomplished what goal of civil disobedience?
terra nullius is a latin expression meaning which no make that what in english?
when were additional putative species  found in the burgess shale no sorry when did the first tentacles form on ctenophores?
what causes er what is one of the last responses of the immune system to infection?
many construction managers or like companies are now placing more emphasis on what?
what has a category no make that a classification system for construction companies?
where did the people of no no scratch the how was the population of mnemiopsis in the black sea and the sea of azov brought under control?
what is the population of fresno no scratch fresno i meant los angeles?
when was no during what period did downtown fresno thrive?
the university of chicago library system has a total of no has how many libraries in total?
who does the income gap no no i mean the wage gap between genders provide a disadvantage?
what haven't or uh what's thomas piketty's job?
when did the plague return to africa er sorry i want to know about europe?
what had federal courts or wait vice president agnew always suffered from?
how many components do cydippid no tentilla have?
what was the premise of isiah bowman's inquiry no woodrow wilson's?
which process wait no make that what do the services given by pharmacists provide?
what happens when a women's oh rather a person's capabilities are raised, as it relates to their income?
charles eilot, nope scratch that, uh channing was the most crucial figure to achieve what in us universities?
how did or rather when did the fcc decide fresno could only have uhf stations?
where ermm rather\u007f what is europe's largest inland port?
when did the holocene rhine-meuse delta influence ugh i should say stop forming?
when did er what year did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw?
what is the name of the river that lies completely outside of baker county, sorry that should be jacksonville?
when did the empire fall no no sorry augustus die?
what are excuse me economy, energy and tourism is one of the what?
where was the first horse racetrack golly moses sorry um where is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display?
who led the attack on spain in 1964 or uh wait 1565?
how does no make that what does heat prevent from changing in the crystallization process?
where did marin design or i meant build his first fort?
who lead no how was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students?
how long no what type of nightclubs does fresno have?
when did the germanic tribes claim territory in north and west europe no wait tell me by when did the germanic tribes not conquer the celtic peoples?
who never plotted the theory or make that the relationships between levels of income and inequality?
who founded or rather when did john of london come to live in cambridge?
what delimits the animal that the whoopsidoodle the delta of the rhine in the east?
what world's first did the religion department help to produce err instead develop?
what was william henry's no i mean loudoun's plans for 1757?
how does sorry what purpose does bedau note that illegal protests towards public policy may serve?
the shortcomings of galileo galilei's physics no aristotelian physics would not be corrected until the 16th century work of whom?
when did the rhine capture streams?
who designed the garden lobby no the scottish parliament building?
where is roger rocka sorry i mean audra mcdonald from?
what is the income  no what is the gender income inequality in bahrain?
which type of or actually what kind of structures are typical in living lagerstatten?
the elements from the rift system in the alpine um rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps?
what does stong force act upon or rather tell me the residual that can be seen in front of hadrons?
where has or no rather who has said that climate models are uncertain?
the kuznets curve says with economic development inequality will decrease after who or no make that what?
when was uh rather what provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995?
how long was the fighting on the mainland no change that to how long didn't the seven year war last?
what are buckles facing downwards in the crust called, i mean buckles in a fault called?
who specifically does egypt no sorry um ht target to change the opinion of?
what was the rhine bridge at arnhem instead use the warsaw pact war plan?
which kind or actually what type of jihad does ht avoid engaging in?
when was or like plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the earth and what?
what plagues the literature about civil disobedience what issue?
what did legrande write about civil disobedience, oh sorry, about grammatical niceties?
what group no wait monarchy did western troops protect?
where did france's no charles de gaulle and the free french run operations during world war 2?
what is the name of the self-consistent model that would create a theory of everything as it relates to physics?
what's one factor in inequality no increasing self-esteem?
when did no in what year did jani beg become leader of the mongol army?
who's infected corpse was catapulted over the ship the genoese traders fled in nope the walls of kaffa by the mongol army?
which or no make that what applications did austpac not support?
how many what are there no longer limitations on since 1990?
what end in the most important natural region of the netherlands no no the same delta?
who no what egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the brotherhood?
how long did zhenjin live no no no when did zhenjin die?
what has the university done or no held since 1963 where large teams find items from a list?
how much of afghanistan or no make that iraq did the taliban take over?
what company no sorry which groups were previously considered to be integrated?
when the colonies of british america i mean who fought in the french and indian war?
what type of surveys stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction?
in the early ice ages, what direction did the rhine flow, no sorry in the pleistocene era?
what is the ranking of a major military no what made jacksonville a major military and civilian court since the 1900s?
where was no what was eventual merits role?
planned to occupy the chicago business booth, how much is the pearson family foundation nah i mean milton friedman institute estimated to cost?
what type of civil disobedience is larger scale no scratch this i want to know what did harvey wheeler direct the hungarians to do?
what was one of the more notable applications of printing technology no when did the yuan begin using gold printing plates for its money?
where does er uh what words are inscribed on the mace of parliament?
what receptors do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of no cancel that and tell me a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response?
who besides the russians are often defined no included in the colonialism debat?
what is no where is the aboral organ located?
who or umm rather what exists between fundamentalist islamism and reformist islamism?
who ranked paris oops i mean warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?
why was appletalk considered inter-network no plug-n-play?
what was chief hendrick a member no william johnson's role in british military?
what do the ecological niche no the juveniles behave like in the genus beroe?
the function of long-lived memory cells is an example of which or no make that what kind of immune response?
when did no where were french north americans settled?
in between french and british, who dominated no what groups controlled land?
what stopped or rather what impact did this loss have on abercrombie?
who has the role of holding the united kingdom or no make that the scottish government to account?
this person proposed explanations for the origins of geology, oops  i mean, earthquakes and the formation of mountains, what was his name?
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756, no it was actually in 1765?
minister robert dinwiddie claimed no had an investment in what significant company?
what wasn't extent of celeron's business, sorry, expedition?
what year did iqbal return lahore or rather what year did iqbal leave lahore?
what size or no umm shape are tentilla typically?
what was shrewsbury's conclusion no sorry what is samuel k. cohn jr.'s profession?
when damaged no sorry for most organisms, what is the dominant system of defense?
what region of mongolia no japan is hebei part of?
how long, ack no, which species of planktonic animal are ribbon-shaped and how do they swim?
what are er what does geometry ramification seek to achieve?
what is the largest region or uh port in europe called?
who mentored kublai no dang it buyantu?
what was sold to foreign datapac, sorry to foreign ptts?
what power is available blast it kind of education is offered in public schools in australia?
the nation's first aviation community was created by who?
what receptors do tumor cells often have developed no reduced concentrations of?
what has the tendency er when there are many workers competing for a many jobs its considered as what?
what is expected with the continuous input of water errr, sorry, sediment into the dornbirner ach?
what goal do many of these sit-ins or rather the protests have?
what caused an increase in jacksonville's tourism in the latter half of the 19th century ahh actually what caused a drop in jacksonville's tourism during the 1900s?
what is the term for an economic recovery  or i mean disease that is not commonly present?
where does state route 99 no wait when was state route 99 built?
what modern math concept did pascal or no make that did zhu shijie do work different from?
where did newfoundlanders uh no british settlers live?
when was the office of chinese medicine oops i meant western medicine founded?
how did no what caused jacksonville's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century?
how quickly or uh which group keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent's body until they hatch?
when was the joint statement on meterology or uh onclimate change issued?
what kind of immunity do lymphocytes not have no prokaryotes?
what percentage of global assets does the richest 10% of people have no rather the richest 1% not 10%?
what are thrust faults formed i mean happens because younger rock is deeper?
when was or actually which genus is considered the \"aunt\" of ctenophores?
what is jacksonville's hottest temperature i mean month on average?
which are the or no make that where are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize the self-antigens located?
in what year did william maclure begin the process what was the memori entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society?
which reason is given sometimes to plead no contest involving these matters no no sorry to plead not guilty in these matters?
who has a subsector no the classification system for all north american companies?
who wrote the study published in haensch, oops i mean, in nature in october 2011?
after the dornbirner ach was diverted, how was no where does the rhine flow now?
which characteristics i mean in which countries can you find the least health and social problems?
what part of the rhine flows west at katwijk, sorry make that north?
what type of city has warsaw no berlin been for as long as it's been a city?
who reigned over southeast europe uh no the ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful?
what did warsaw um building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1930s and 1940s?
how long is the harvard academic year?
which orders were made to the french by the british or i guess which ones weren't?
from where was the chinese medical tradition of the yuan inherited i mean how many schools of medicine did they have?
who did the mediterranean uh erm ottoman empire ally with in wwii?
which is containing perceivable kinds of dominance no um which still less costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
what was the philosophy no the huihui?
who uninvited washington to fight or wait dine with him?
what connections bind animal uh more specifically sponge cells?
what are er what is not an example of what a clinical pharmacist's duties entail?
how do fees not that i mean academic results in former model c schools compare to other schools?
why did the city uhm warsaw gain the title of the \"phoenix city\".
who is not allowed ermm rather required to oversee a pharmacy technician in the uk?
of what form are mersenne primes oh i mean tests?
maududi believed that sharia ermm rather islam needed what to be established?
how many um i mean how long did it take to travel across europe using primitive transport systems?
what do er uh what forces can be modeled using ideal friction strings?
how is the quantum mechanic principle manifested in the macro world, oh actually, it's the pauli exclusion principle?
how does or no make that what does the word rheinrinne translate to?
what did er who refused buyantu?
where wasn't there a weakness in french uh rather british supply chain?
the scottish minister chooses whom, actually that'd be the second minister?
what is special about communication messages, no i mean sessions with packet switching?
who or rather what was the topic of the error?
who develped er how long did it take to improve on sir isaac newton's laws of motion?
what experiments are used to understand umm rather reconstruct rock fabric?
what was the source of, oh my bad, what was the name of the time the upper rhine form a border between france and germany?
which sea was formed no was oil discovered in?
what type of, well how about, what are well logs?
how was no who discovered y. pestis?
where does the name rhine hold on what is the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name of the rhine?
what vitamin er what cell binds to vitamin c?
how are no actually what are malum prohibitum considerations?
what are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in english-speaking countries or rather in non-english speaking countries?
who was influenced by early medieval ideas or better yet tell me who argued that objects retain their velocity even when acted on by a force?
where is what valley is los angeles located in?
between which years did the triassic period flow into the tethys sea no the mediterranean sea?
by how much did jacksonville's building projects no um hispanic white population decline?
the rhine flowed through swabia, franconia and what other location in the 15th no i mean 10th century?
what is one thing that can cause non-fatal injuries no prevent?
what is the law named that defines a vector or uh, a charge moving through a magnetic field?
when did where did no spanish catholic move after british takeover in florida?
in what year was the kalven or is it the darfur report, what year was it issued?
where is geoffrey parker or rather biraben sorry?
which languages rejected umm rather used the phags-pa script?
at what event does the oxford-cambridge rivalry culminate in no not that instead tell me what time is the harvard-yale rivalry set aside?
how do members preside or no vote when there is a division?
when didn't er what was the goal of haddock's expedition?
how umm i mean when did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature?
how many people, at most, have inhabitants sorry no i mean died of plague in baghdad?
in 1992, was the percentage of germans attending private high schools or actually east german students who attended private schools?
why was or actually tell me who is kearney boulevard named after?
what does radioactive elements no paleotopography study?
when were the northern alps sorry the vosges mountains captured by the rhine?
long with location, endowment and the willingness of parents to pay, what financial no what factor influences private school tuition?
which no sorry where was the first horse racetrack located?
why was or how was this possible?
what did howard zinn, oh sorry, what did ghandi mention about the right to abolish an unjust government in the declaration of independence?
where oops what plateau has groups of clay terraces?
what requires construction umm i mean collaboration across zoning requirements?
what is the significance or i mean the goal of the incapabilities approach?
who or no rather what makes up 11.6% of jacksonville?
what is er what do clinical pharmacists not participate in?
how should or no make that what should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system?
which theory suggested people in the deserts sorry the tropics were uncivilized?
what is burbach's no baryczko's cathedral an example of stylistically?
which number is or actually what does the word prime generally suggest?
who or no make that what increases with age?
what is the fastest growing level or no area in the pharmaceutical industry?
for what size natural number does bertrand's postulate hold no chebyshev's?
how weren't the french or no make that the british able to cut supplies to louisbourg?
what era didn't share artistic inspiration with the yuan no i meant dynasty?
what was used by the east, no north to justify control over western territories?
who leads instead level 3 communications launched what?
after whose death did william shirley assume command of british forces in north america that's ooo where was shirley planning an expedition?
lorenzo's law describes who or no make that what?
how many public libraries are there in harvard or no make that in cambridge?
who had er what did telecom australia start?
what area was, sorry uh, where did kublai build his administration's strength?
who no uh rather what is essential for the successful execution of a project?
what causes hillslopes and channels to erode no sorry what causes the topographic gradients to collapse?
what does or uh criticism in ny times article that impacts the quality of education at harvard?
what sector no body in india provides policy directions to schools?
what steroid oh wait actually what gene is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol?
how long were the fighters of the poland or no make that warsaw ghetto uprising able to hold out?
he magnitude of the quantitatively no the resultant varies from the similarities of what?
what is another word for inclusions in xenoliths no sorry in sedimentary rocks?
what do some civil disobedient people no wait why is the need for acceptance of punishment needed no they feel the need to acknowledge what?
how far or actually on what river does warsaw stand?
what do or what is inequality associated with higher levels of?
who manages the sector no manages the construction projects and assumes financial responsibility for completing them?
what was iqbal studying in england damnit ireland?
in what decade no wait in which year did the affiliate program end?
what was iqbal studying in ireland no no in england and germany rather?
gamma delta t cells have a different version of what kind of immunity, oh sorry, i mean type of receptor?
what have the clinics section uh no sorry infrastructure done a lot of over the past years?
what are ancient stratigraphers um wait processes used to do?
which neighborhood lies east of the 41 freeway no no west of 41 freeway rather?
what influence did maududi, no no, what influence did al banna wish to eliminate from the muslim world?
what did harvard no forbes halt the construction of in 2008?
where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000 no sorry where was it relocated in may 2010?
how is rainfall no rather winter weather in jacksonville described as?
how did or make that what did the parliament rent additional buildings from?
promoted research in 1995 or no rather in 1985 led to what?
what is the mongolian or no make that the yuan dynasty's unofficial name?
where err rather when is the ujazdow gallery weekend held?
how, no, when did calvinist parties and traditional ideas come to dominate universities?
starting in what year did harvard top the actually no i mean what year was harvard on top of the world reputation rankings?
whose activities were the british able to gain knowledge of no french?
what prefabricated no campaign did the communist regime initiate after wwi?
sophie germain show or actually are what form of tests?
how was the or rather where was the less popular trading center for the ottoman empire?
succeeding speakers are usually more of which or no make that what?
how was a proprietary no were non-local area networks established with appletalk?
what are quantum sorry weak and electromatic forces expressions of?
how much resources were british no the french placing in north america?
what institute published findings in september 2012 regarding the forbes richest 400 americans no sorry i just want to know what publication printed that the wealthiest 1% have more money than those in the bottom 90%?
what type of crime, oops i mean theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon?
what process do moderate or do what basis do the radical islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
which of the no make that most of the previous understandings about motion and force were corrected by whom?
who or no make that what says that formations must be older than the inclusions inside them?
how long ago was the devonian no the ediacaran period?
what law, oh no um, whose first law of motion says that unless acted upon be forces, objects would continue to move at a constant velocity?
what flowed through the rhine no i mean the tundra? "," this flowed through the tundra?
what is the formal ceremonial role no the parliamentary mace made of?
when was the plague no who fought in the great northern war?
what tribes er ugh where didn't iroquois confederation control?
how did the or no make that what did the early entrant program do for potential students?
since when have the rocks at the grand canyon have been in place ?
under which or no make that what law is value of a worker undetermined?
what was kublai khan's opposition to great khan or no make that ogedei khan?
what covered ummm what was the source of the rhine in the last ice age?
in what years did the plague spread to the middle east no no sorry to the people of asia minor?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of high school students no of unskilled workers?
what sorry, who did not charter the british east india company?
how wide is the glacial alpine valley known as the seeztal valley or no make that the rhine valley?
what conviction motivated eliot to move against sorry i meant towards secularization?
which no who was the developer of the hamming battery?
what international data or rather what was tymnet?
the urban renewal project was intended to see a drop in applications oh no help the residents of what neighborhood?
how do no where do ipcc reports get their information?
what year did more than 322 no make that 375 officials attend the ipcc bureau session?
what is the typical annual cost for the society of jesus or uh the cost for an irish private school?
j. a. ratzel oops i mean hobson didn't want which races to develop the world?
what does the beroe no mnemiopsis eat?
how many us presidents no how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni?
what is equaled the uplift in the region no flows after bingen and bonn?
when did warner sinback decide rather what was his decision?
who did the city grant the property to in 1914, oh in 1912 actually?
how many people, uh no wait, what is the polish word for wreaths?
in what theory is the idea of a prime ideal no a number exchanged with that of noetherian arithmetic?
which mathematics no sciences were often practiced together by the same artists.
what or make that who decides the fate of protesters most of the time?
which one or uh what former building is currently known as grand 1401?
what do all but one kind of aboral have on their aboral surface er lack?
what has a weaker association with actually no i mean stronger one with the mhc:antigen complex than killer t cells?
what organization built homes in the city uhh i mean neighborhood in the 1930s?
what i lent to the mocama village no the team of northern university students discover pottery?
what should happen if you avoided with civil disobedience oops focus only on self-gratification?
which genus  no sorry a molecular phylogeny analysis confirmed that cydippid are not what?
what type of mineralogy no microscope is used by petrologists?
what was antigone's father in the play no sorry just tell me what the protest in antigone was about?
when violence, uh no no, what dictionary contains a non- violent definition?
when did no where was the average household size was 3.21?
how did the sequences in fossils no the advancement of using fossils help geological science in the early 20th century?
according to siad what type of climate was unnecessary for humans to become fully human no accroding to ellen churchill semple?
what did where did ibna sina believe the origin of geology science was?
what land wasn't ceded to great britain no um spain?
what did kublai do to prevent public works projects no no famines?
what does the no no tell me what is sigilium's symbol?
given the weakness of french forces at fort henry err sorry louisbourg, what did loudoun do?
if civil disobedience or make that law breaking is not done in a public manner it is not considered what term?
what occurs when one no no rather all components of the immune system are active?
which type no no no what type of measurements result under schrodinger equations when using operators instead of newtonian variables?
what do illegal protests, oh sorry, what does direct civil disobedience do to the law that isn't being protested?
how are the layer protocol no messages routed?
who never issued the royal proclamation of 1736 no i meant 1763?
how is the or no actually what is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries?
what conjecture says no what condition must be satisfied in order for p to be expressed in base 1 instead of base 10 and still have a period of p-1?
which year were two assessment reports published, never mind i mean finalized?
what is the record low for september, nope, make that for july?
who would no what did kublai's government not balance between?
what have muslims rejected, sorry, praised hamas for doing?
what military uh where else is there a smaller filipino population that in jacksonville?
where is the no no i mean what is the section of the rhine gorge recognized by unesco called?
how did or no make that where did france focus its efforts to rebuild its empire?
who was the or rather when was the landmark water tower built?
what is preserved in a closed system of forces shoot no the only form potential energy can change into?
who owned baran no the rand company?
how is or no make that what is controlled by the market and economy?
what forms alter rhein no lake constance into an inland delta?
what did a greedy merchant do to the fishermen, no, rather the mermaid?
what does the harvard museum or make that the fogg museum of art cover?
what do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum or wait tell me what all other animal phyla lack?
what do er what nuclear forces only act at short distances?
when did, oh actually, in what country is plos pathogens headquartered?
why is powsin no warsaw's flora very rich in species?
which is sorry i mean what is the one lead author responsible for?
how does or no make that what did hamas keep the plo in gaza?
inter-network protocol no sorry routing was what kind of system?
what increased i meant what decreased in number between 1948 and 1991?
parliament elects 129 msps to serve as what officers, oh sorry i just meant two
who normally manages the large construction projects oops no i mean the environmental impact of the job?
what are where are some physicians not permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices?
what is used to overcome oh rather shut down pathogen defenses?
what un organizations established the wmo no no um the unep no the ipcc?
what did kublai's government have to compromise no, i mean balance between?
a liberal force instead what can not be considered an artifact of the potential field?
what is the medication no consultant pharmacy not concerned with?
where is um how quickly do shrimp digest ctenophores as compared to other prey?
where is sorry how is x.25 connection-oriented at layer two?
the first or sorry second minister's question time takes place between what times on thursdays?
what scientific research i mean to say danger did the ipcc understate?
what techniques did the mongols medicine never include sorry i meant chinese medicine?
what garden is in never mind i mean which end of the saxon garden is the tom of the unknown soldier located at?
what are no i mean how are the 83 \" constituency msps\" chosen?
how did france differ from britain in justifying no managing its colonies?
changes to what have the criticisms no the support of scientific evidence?
were the operating expenses of the groton school in 2012 no no disregard that and tell me what city the groton school is located?
where is the rock, no, gravel from that is found in xenoliths?
if there is no shared physical medium, how are the nodes umm i mean packets delivered?
which sororities or make how many sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference?
when was the chevrolet aveo no um fso car factory founded?
oxfam and credit suisse believe their findings are being doubted, why?
after shirley er braddock died, who controlled north american british forces?
how many americans are poorer no no um richer than less than half of all citizens?
in what battle were the tran dynasty no the um what was their names oh mongols joined by the tran?
bill aiken was, or wait, grew up in what town?
why do some people purposely resist officers of the law i meant to say find it hard to not talk to a tax agent?
who discovered, no no no, what type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes, as in the state of california?
what were who were otachi?
where does the ijssel engineering no branch flow?
what brought the downfall of jacksonville filmmaking no sorry tell me what was hollywood known as?
where did, no wait, what did newton's mechanics affect?
when was the or make that what was the attack on british weakness?
what was no how did the better jacksonville plan generate money?
when was a garden, well a zoological garden established in the powsin park?
what accounts for, erm are associated with normal forces?
who was the honorary member um no no um the speaker of the tribal council?
what is one aspect of the hydrography of the former stream urgh delta characterized by?
upon learning of a british err rather french scounting party in the area, what didn't washington do?
lyell's paper no book failed to publicize what view?
what is one example of what a patient or no of a clinical pharmacist's duties entail?
ipcc groups no wait meetings are made up of what kind of people?
what was the irish title of khan's book no polo's?
who is the current no the 75th united states secretary of the treasury?
after what higher learning model was the college or no make that the school designed?
when was the chinese no the imperial library directorate not established?
what was the goal of congress or i guess what wasn't the goal?
who wrote, no actually, when was earthenware movable type invented?
what is the process, no actually tell me, what do bacterial surface proteins not bind to?
how do the no rather what do the owners of more capital end up having?
according to ellen churchill semple what type of climate was tropical environment no necessary for humans to become fully human?
most of the wind in fresno originates from which direction?
when did no what period opened the tethys ocean?
the adaptive  sorry uh what molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system?
let's say after 1945, where did france lose a war scratch that what challenged the british empire?
what serves as a biological barrier by targeting bacteria no by competing for space and food in the gi tract?
the university was a founding force behind which or make that what conference?
which or no make that what system has no impact on income inequality?
along with scratch that besides viniculture, what's a dominant economic sector of the middle rhine?
which no make that what do complement proteins activate before they bind to the microbe?
what kind of lawbreaking no rather press coverage is there when defendants plead not guilty?
when or rather who has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that don't require prescriptions?
what has islamism been increasing interdependent with following the arab no the non-arab spring?
what effect does, no no answer me this, what scale doesn't trade liberalization shift economic inequality from?
how did celeron handle meeting with old briton, sorry, new briton?
which projection overstated the rate at which temperatures would decrease ermm rather rise?
who was no what was maria wola the first female recipient of?
what is sometimes less effective than civil disobedience at times no more effective?
who umm sorry what caused the us public to support the occupation of the philippines?
what drives or um who works to get workers lower compensation?
who defended ariq boke no actually kublai khan from mongke khan?
gamma delta t cells rearrange nk, no i mean tcr genes to produce what?
what enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature no no wait what does the respiratory tract secrete in order to promote infection?
which region was raided by no scratch that i meant what city, raided by clans and dukes, preceded the founding of warszowa?
which is then or no make that what is now described by the newtonian equations?
what fields medal winning scholar or no make that mathematician is a faculty member at harvard?
what no wait which dynasties' histories were officially documented during toghun's reign?
how many miles, sorry, kilometers is vistula from the carpathian mountains?
what type of civil war was not fought between political and tribal countries or wait warlords?
what is the nickname for the rhine no no the delta in the netherlands?
what are the proteins sorry what are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called?
how far from warsaw does the vistula river's environment change noticeably oh boy i meant how far from czerniakow?
what is the term private school restricted to in the uk err rather us?
in 1944, what was north fresno previously called no 1942?
what is one or what organization is the ipcc a part of?
which principle is based on the absence of fossils in sedimentary rocks no sorry the theory based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rock?
how long doesn't it take for the inequality, sorry, effects to manifest as changes to economic growth?
how does no what do people with experience not need to do?
what sector includes large public works but not power generation, actually, utility distribution?
what was the classic curriculum um no no the purpose of cambridge when it was founded in 1643?
how are groups of combs or no make that of cillia classified due to increasing awareness of differences?
what date no no when was the ottoman caliphate abolished?
the college's sciences or no make that university is divided into how many divisions?
stephen eildmann cites or uh what book of the bible discusses civil disobedience?
what reconstructions supported the 2000 no the 1999 paper's information?
when was the archduke sigismund of austria no holland empire formed?
who concluded that the widening disparity or rather the rising income inequality gap wasn't improving?
what type i mean what does warsaw host many of?
which or no make that what applies to both collecting taxes and searching property?
when was the holland empire formed no not that i want to know when the archduke sigismund of austria died?
the idea of neutralization no acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis of what medical treatment?
where were the roman or no make that the germanic tribes originally located?
who published an expert no no i mean an error regarding the himalayan glaciers?
what do seismologists use to image uh map the earth's crust?
what direction or instead what is the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do?
when was the wait who analysed the medieval cold period?
what did local residents do when forbes announced budget cuts in 2008 umm rather\u007f 2011?
policymakers created what for the ipcc?
how is the seldom no sorry what i meant was what is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons?
what does or what work from around 300 bc has significant theorems about prime numbers?
how wide is the jura mountains umm i mean moselle?
when was no what was germany's central interest?
what along with the anglican church and uniting church no denomination insists that students must also be a member of the founding church?
what is the, um no, what rank does the early action program have among all others?
during which era did the aztec and luba empire or no the incan empires thrive?
which are or no uh make that what are construction companies asked to plan?
how many programs er uh public charter schools does the university run?
what are those with lack of education or uh instead  lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future?
when was yuan dynasty no wait who started the yuan dynasty?
when did galor and zeria show old information about inequality or rather when did they show new information about inequality?
who won the pzpn championship in 1946 no no dang it in 2000?
what principle states that rocks deeper in the layer tend to be compressed, sorry, younger?
what theorem remains valid in factorization no in unique factorization domains?
who was jacksonville's, no what services were not consolidated under the new government?
what did nsf or i mean vbns do
how many times did the population no the plague visit ottoman society before the second quarter of the 19th century?
where does volcanic ashes and lavas accumulate no no tell me where dikes form?
when was no wait who directed life itself?
what can um no i mean to say what type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please?
what has often been studied in bacteriophages er rather unicellular eukaryotes?
when no my ways jacksonville's coldest month on record?
when did no what was the name of the leader through the great depression and world war ii?
when is the airport located was state route 99 freeway built?
what is the force between particles, oh i meant to say nucleons?
what did er what natural resources did the chinese government have a monopoly on?
how long is the grand canyon no the maria fold?
what was the name of the uhh ipcc no the wwf report?
what kind of no numbers of what race of students increased in public schools before 1954?
at what levell no what type of school is becoming less common in scotland?
what impact  on the wages middle school, um i mean, high school education did the movement have of skilled workers?
what is or how are packets normally forwarded
what are the two parts of the final stage what is the final stage of a bill in the scottish parliament?
where does the european sorry the rhine empty?
what can the pharynx or no make that the mesoglea be closed by?
what was uh how much of poland's national income does warsaw produce?
imperialism and colonialism both assert a development no states dominance over what?
what will uh when is the wianki festival held?
what pushed up the triassic period of the mesozoic era no the um pyrenees?
how did or no rather what did basset analyze after coming to his conclusion?
what were no when did washington learn about trent's advance?
what exchange in warsaw is one of the most important for the bpo and the ito no the central and eastern europe?
where did or no make that when did the red army uprising begin?
hormones can alter the sensitivity of the immune system, so they can be referred when or actually to as what?
when was er what year was the dutch rijkswaterstaat found?
the prospect of which or no make that what event compelled the protection of german private schools?
what concept er uh how were messages delivered before implementation?
in what year or uh how many times did the plague visit baghdad?
what was william johnson's role no his name in iroquois?
chestnut avenue or no make that kings canyon avenue is on the southeast side of what?
first published by charles darwin in 1830 this book was called what no wait which book was published by sir charles lyell in 1830?
what percentage oh uh what was warsaw the most diverse of in poland?
where did or no rather when did the north american french and indian war begin?
what drugs wait tell me what are the least powerful anti-inflammatory drugs?
what is rather who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process?
what features or uh protects the statocyst?
what fossil no conservative international relations scholar is also a university alumni?
what is the mortality rate of the septicemic no modern bubonic plague?
who contributed no wait what contributed to the severity of the plague?
what is included along with gravitational acceleration proportional to what is included along with gravitational acceleration and mass of the earth in a formula about rotation about the earth?
what does each packet label include in connectionless mode or rather each packet?
what was normal french sorry british defense?
what happened with the ground water level with the grand canal d'alsace or rather the rhine straightening program?
what does ctenophore use to adhere or uh capture prey?
how do rather which group has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth?
when people take on debt, how are the certain costs oof it leads potentially to what?
what direction do predators uh actually i mean ctenophore swim?
what is the random test no the name of one impressive continuation of the fermat primality test?
what disagreement did oswego no montcalm and indians have?
what body no how are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions?
which type or no rather what type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches?
what government, well what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts to support islamism?
what is the the old north no the old south branch of the rhine called?
what job was phoenix no kemney given at ge?
the adaptive immune system recognizes non-self pathogens fiddle sticks i meant to say antigens during a process called what?
when was inequality no the consumption inequality lower than it had been in 2001 no 1986?
what nobel er who was a political philosopher, mathematician, author and also former faculty member?
how are or no rather why are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted?
what is the lower canal regulation of the dornbirner ach or uh the rhine?
which or no rather what organization does climate related research?
what do decreased no rather increased greenhouse gases cause?
how much of a wealth gap oh no potential economic growth could the united states amass if everyone went through more schooling?
who was johar um ... no iqbal a supporter of?
what population of people or rather how many people lived in fresno in 2000, according to the census bureau?
what was eero saarinen contracted to develop in what decade oops in 2011?
why does a, well no, what is a higher rate of social goods an effect of?
under elie metchnikoff's cellular theory, who was the main proponent i mean what cells were responsible for immune response?
when did the \
when did the world's population reduce because of the black death no wait when did it recover from the black death?
what kind of analysis did harbison conclude in 2001 about cestida no sorry the lobata?
invitations to address faith groups i mean the house of commons are determined by whom?
which no um what is the complex \"two-signal\" activation of t cells referred to?
what was the civil war against ragibagh called no not called?
what did no actually when did hilliard, taylor and wheeler work?
early western texts reference the east scratch that i mean reference the north describe the people as being what?
what type of insect employs the use of predators, no, the use of magicicadas in its evolutionary strategy?
what notion keeps it's meaning through both newtonian no um netonian and schrodinger physics equations?
when a, mmm no, what was the south american portion of war of austrian succession?
what does the cnidaria ugh no i mean the euplokamis use the three types of movement for?
where is uh tell me what is the major us city that the is the university located?
when was small crustacean or like uh sorry ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov?
what does a 1955 i meant 2013 report on nigeria suggest it's growth has done?
what was the theory that sediment no the royal society presented?
which month is the first how much does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting?
what should the deterrence no the punishment rely on instead in a just society?
when would the occupation of allies leave rhineland no no tell me when the german army reoccupied the rhineland?
what does a writer for the international crisis group create um no think the concept of political islam is a creation of?
what kind of areas were least vulnerable to disease?
hurricane fay or no make that hurricane dora caused a minor what?
which act set out scotland or no make that the parliament's powers as a developed legislature?
how long is the section of the graub\\u00fcnden no no the rhine near chur?
what was schenectady no scratch that and tell me what warner sinback was?
when were figures or uh theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development?
how many people lived in no no make that what was french population in north america?
how do or make that what do geochronologists look for in drill cores?
what lake i mean island does the rhine and lake constance's cold water flow to?
when was the royal university of warsaw or no make that of prussia established?
how do or no make that what do petrologists use to understand magma chamber crystallization?
what caused the lake constance er uh rhine to extend its watershed northward?
the university has bachelors, nope not that but masters programs in visual arts, music and what other subjects?
what does it mean when a harmonic or rather a basel series diverges?
what is the width oh wait how wide is the upper rhine plain?
what does  no who was vrisovci?
who has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions?
what diagrams or what can be indirectly derived from the symmetry of space?
how much of the pannerdens kanaal  or uh the rhine flow does ijssel carry?
what did john houghton no um what was his name, oh lindzen criticize about the summary for policymakers?
what are the, no sorry i mean, where are a bulk of factories concentrated along the rhine?
which type no sorry wait what type of numbers demonstrate a flaw with the fermat primality test?
what was no which parts of the earth are included in the lithosphere?
when was the primes no the random number theorem proven?
what impacts er what is income inequality not attributed to?
who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority no sorry tell me who benefits from the research carried out by the ipcc?
what patrols the body looking for phagocytes no sorry what drives phagocytes away from specific areas?
what were er why did kublai's successors lose control of the rest of the mongol empire?
how no i mean why did british operation succeed in 1755, 56, 57?
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is with what island, oh i mean lake?
when was the large scale no the fifth assessment report written?
what cancer er who is the founder of t. seaborg and co.?
what were no tell me what building is the most interesting of the late 18th-century architecture?
what is the largest garden rather mansion in the west coast?
how common instead what are phytoplankton?
who sold to foreign ptts um no did northern telecom sell transpac clones to?
what city served as poland no i mean as prussia's capital in 1313?
what is the level of development no inequality in overdeveloped countries?
who designed the golf course no just sunnyside?
what or actually who is responsible for ensuring the parliament works smoothly?
what are microorganisms or rather white blood cells known as?
what race or no nationality are researchers wilkinson and pickett?
what kind of pathogen uh cell identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen?
what is the, no let me ask, what profession doesn't simon kuznets have?
how do you pronounce san joaquin no wait fresno?
how did or rather what did baran call his system?
what type of zero distribution does the connection to prime numbers propose is also true for short intervals near x no the riemann hypothesis ?
where were the british focusing the defense for new france, i'm sorry where was montcalm focusing?
who was another scientist that visited hong kong in 1894, besides alexandre yersin?
where do or no make that how do private schools in the rest of the world differ from ireland?
who went to radcliffe and was trained there as students in its early days no scratch that and tell me who was president of radcliffe from 1869-1909?
what is a, or better yet, with what body must a pharmacy not be allowed to register?
who was or rather what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2012-2013?
vbns or no make that nsf was engineered and operated by who?
how did or actually tell me when was kublai's administration running out of money?
what is the, um no where does the rhine begin?
in which states are pharmacist clinicians allowed sorry not allowed to give prescriptions or diagnosis?
what costa rican or no make that columbia president went to harvard?
how accurate did the yuan i mean guo make the reformed lunisolar calendar?
what does a formal design team i mean a quantity surveyor do with a design?
what type of amendments might parliament sorry, rather\u007f members opposed to a bill put on the table?
in what year did harvard or rather how is admission to the early action program characterized?
what happens or like instead why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption?
newton said that the acceleration of the earth around the moon represented where or no make that what?
when was the battle that resulted from a union, um no the confederate cavalry unit attacking a union expedition?
what other reason caused poor supply of new france from a difficult winter, sorry, summer?
what is another school rather term used for year 13?
when did no who reopened tower theatre?
what was no wasn't marin's orders?
when is punishment no actually what type of it is sometimes offered to civil disobedients?
what does a 1970s um no sorry a 2003 report on nigeria suggest it's growth has done?
how many kilometres is poland no make that warsaw from the carpathian mountains?
the largest university press in the u.s is called what?
how many objects uhh rooms does the warsaw historical museum have?
what percentage of poland's population was in 1901 um protestant in 1901?
what is being described no decades when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the french period?
what yuan  sorry what jewish practice did the yuan ban?
what did france offer that was rare by imperial standards or rather what did the french think to bring to uplift other regions?
how often do harvard rather oxford and cambridge put aside their rivalry?
what was the company that was being built to be named no no i meant the fort?
what did er what is one of the mammal animals that lives in the nature reserve and bird sanctuary?
what does x.25 no user datagram protocol guarantee?
which kind of or no make that what kind of access for undergraduates do the harvard university archives have?
imperialism or no make that colonialism as a policy is never caused by financial and what other reasons?
which or no make that how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n are there?
david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do what for a hobby or i mean living?
what is another country what is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication?
who presented er instead where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from?
the strife between races in africa er sorry canada is a unique form of what?
when was kublai oops sorry mongke khan born?
what chinese instead who challenged kublai khan's right to succeed mongke khan?
when was phags-pa script destroyed no sorry when was it invented?
what does frame relay's protocols provide no when was it used at uni?
what is the enrollment, let me rephrase, how many people were at a harvard sponsored regatta in 1869, er, 1875?
who does, no actually, how many africans were brought into the united states during the slave trade?
which park is home to the chaffee zoo wait uh the kearney mansion?
what process do both science and governments address umm instead follow?
what does the domed head of the tentilla have no wait i want to know what the epidermis is fringed with?
is platyctenids sorry fertilization internal or external in most species?
which way does the actually no what type of commutative ring does the lasker\u2013noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in?
when did, no better yet, which theorem states that every large odd integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime?
what was the study or like cause for the issues with city funding?
what conjecture gosh no what is a twin positive?
where does or uh no rather who dates rocks precisely, within strati graphic sections?
question n/a
according to agreement between iroquois and british, where was a settlement to be built, no where was a strong house to be built?
what did a 1993 study by perotti examine no the 1969 study?
what decreased er instead what do a number of researchers think a shortage of isn't caused in part by income inequality?
what impacts income inequality when evaluating labor no wait, tell me what impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor?
when was the military-political complex removed no reflected upon not within the scope of understanding imperialism
which or no rather what two categories can a government school be put into in india?
what was no wasn't the first pacific no the british empire based on?
how did dawalt shah, uh i'm sorry make that yesun temur, and how did he die?
what do animals no cells away from the site of the infection undergo?
who was no what alumni member also write the bestseller before i fall?
what place sorry university was john of london an alum of?
when did scientists no sorry geologists stop using isotopes?
how are or no make that when are copepod populations abundant?
what does the acronym fln ... no no fiss stand for?
what fluids errm rather enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature?
what day of the week does the time for reflection address members, no, i mean take place?
what academy did tugh temur found or rather what was he known for?
what month, uh sorry, what may be varied by up to two months?
what was the kublai no the song dynasty's capital?
during which years was the plague present in islamic countries or wait in what year did the residents of baghdad first become affected by the plague?
what alumni is also the governor of the world bank, uh make that the bank of japan?
what chinese era name did khan or rather kublai use?
which or no uh make that what relationship with israel is sadat for?
how or no what is not present in breast milk?
when did no how did the tran dynasty rule?
what did the plo win in the january 2006 legislative election no sorry hamas?
when is the wianki um no no midsummer's festival held?
which cultural imperialism um no historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway non-local elites?
when did no on what lake did troops attack fort william henry in summer?
was there french military presence no wait what was french military presence at start of peace?
how many members are on the warsaw city council no no i mean the miasta city council?
what can t cells release no what can antibodies not neutralize?
by 1999 how many universities were connected or rather by 1998?
how did er when did french learn about braddock's plans?
who did the university decide to team up with in 1980, i'm sorry, that's 1890?
how is information instead what is the minimum amount, if any, of data to make up a packet?
what modern city did the central region no i mean the khanbaliq not become?
which areas are some physicians not permitted wait no, actually where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices?
labour leader iain gray gave up the liberal democrats no um east lothian by how many votes?
when did kublai instead oh temur die?
when did isil refuse to uh western forces invade iraq?
how many financial aid no independent schools are in india?
what group is set up to issue developments oh no um to scrutinize private bills submitted to the spanish parliament?
why are er what accelerates nk cells?
what happened to the rate of flooding i mean flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program?
#value!
who published the ipcc or no make that the state of the planet 2008-2009 report?
when was no dang it what area was the delta works constructed between?
whose goals er uh kyoto protocol dealt with which depletion?
what type, or rather, what is another name for a deformational event?
whose theories er what scientist experimented with snake venom in the 18th century?
what concentrations or uh forces should serve as a brake on wealth concentration?
what is an example of a controlled substance no no what is not an example?
why is the, on um, what has the first timeline added to the timeline to expand it?
who is a coach oops i mean player on the tampa bay buccaneers?
during what time frame limited to students no were the core classes limited to only 15 students?
how was gaddafi wait no i meant sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to bring egypt into modern times and civilization?
which government no group has a primary role scrutinizing witnesses?
how many were killed by italy or uh shoot the plague in italy in the 17th century?
warsaw's market square is no no what archdiocese is warsaw the seat of?
what do you get when you figure the difference no no the  sum of forces with vector addition?
what was consisted no extent of celeron's expedition?
spanish um no um sorry french architect enric miralles helped design what building?
who figured out that his law of motion no i meant gravity had to be universal?
what type of, ack, what does the highest level of the vistula dune contain?
where is the san joaquins uh shoot the santa fe railroad depot located?
how many uhh what is the oldest exhibition site in warsaw?
which or no rather what type of movement is the non-muslim brotherhood?
how successful was the french no the english revised efforts?
what does the nutritive no the mesoglea terminate into?
what kind of amino acids really though cells are in a public database of epitopes for pathogens?
of what mathematical nature are primes no um sorry is the basel problem?
at what venue did pierre trudeau no i mean benjamin netanyahu give a speech recently?
where was the legendary no where did two of triton's daughters set out on a journey through?
what did researchers or rather historians do when they didn't have census information?
what did transcendentalist unitarian no christianity in us curriculum focus on before it was changed?
what do er in what people is the immune system the strongest?
how does the corporation the us air force was interested in what er deliver these messages?
which direction does the west side of fresno um what is the ethnic community is traditionally found downtown?
in a progressive system oh i mean tax, what increases as the taxable base amount decreases?
when did or actually who has the islamic liberation party attempted to assassinate?
why is the most timelines no the most recent era expanded in the first scale?
what was the result of the 2000 or uh the 1967 referendum?
where does or actually make that how much area does the university library cover?
following the liberal victory in 2015, domestic legislation no um standing orders were changed to do what?
of what form is the infinite amount of positives that comprise the special cases of cramer's or no make that of schnizel's hypothesis?
of what shape or umm form do mersenne primes take?
what does er when economic inequality is larger, more waste and pollution is?
what is the principle or uh when is the correlation occasionally positive?
when did khan establish the great yuan no no sorry when did he disestablish it?
what did the court of the massachusetts bay colony vote for john harvard to have in 1636 no rather 1650?
what name is typically associated with private parties no preschool?
when was the uh actually, what is the conventional measurement of the rhine?
what did organization temporarily wait no denial of service attacks make it harder for the plowshares organization to do?
what was the largest urban fire in jacksonville or no make that in the united states?
what does or like what i want to know is who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals?
what do beriods use as tentilla uh yeah no teeth?
which no what han chinese leader defected to the mongols?
in what year was the first no which year did william maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the u.s.?
how wide is the rhine in germany or rather how wide is the second east-west shipping route?
where did no rather why did the demand for rentals increase?
when was, wait sorry, who wasn't al-banna's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of?
what produces um no what type of delta is the rhine-meuse?
how many natural or rather the number of lakes in warsaw?
when did the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine or actually just the germanic tribes cross the rhine to migrate?
what do or like who acts as laborer, paymaster, and design team for a renovation project?
what person, rather, who is the final judge of right and wrong?
who was or rather what was the name of the battle that marked the first confederate win in florida?
who video game i mean is the bungie founder and developer of the dance video game?
in what year was j.i. pontanus born no sorry in what year did the black death spread into england?
imperialism is no what law did not justify british imperialism?
what naval er how successful was the french revised efforts?
what do western europe uh more specifically germans call private schools?
what is the name of the alumni no pulitzer prize novelist who was also a university alumni?
what did iqbal's allahabad address inspire or rather what did it not inspire?
what does not have extended structure no change that to where are forces directed as a result of similarities in pressure in extended fluids?
where does instead the hochrhein more than doubles the rhine's water discharge to what amount?
who was the french explorer chartered the st. john's river no english explorer?
what illustrates the relationships between metamorphism no rock and crystal?
what type of person would be involved in a civil i mean test case in federal court?
where is no make that what is a kind of defense response that makes the entire planet resistant to a particular agent?
where do cicadas, no let me ask, what is the logic behind the cicadas outbreak?
what american founder is also a university graduate no what actor?
when did or no make that who added to dioscordies' book in the islamic golden age?
what can spring oh no what equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale?
what is the name of the cbs infiltrate in fresno oops that's cbs affiliate in fresno?
how might gravity determine no effects being observed differently according to newton?
this causes sediment to become longer and thinner or rather rock units as a whole to become longer and thinner.
where did france, sorry it was the british, kill many acadians?
who leads the model un or no make that the student government?
which set er under which policy are labor unions discouraged?
when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair it is called what?
there were many semu er mongols with what unexpected status?
what force acts on a device no um an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity?
what denomination is the diocesan where is samuel marsden collegiate school located?
vice president cohen or rather agnew describes civil disobedience in what activities?
the house of lords must uh or better introduced qualifications for which position?
which or no make that what is one thing that market segments publish?
what compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for amino acids to evade detection, uh actually for a virus to evade detection?
when or what to do university students find the dated sixteenth century?
where are the least amount of the water pollution no the least amount of factories found?
what centuries uhh when have humans started impacting the delta?
whose test no which one is especially useful for tests of the form 2p-1?
some people describe which or no make that what between individuals or groups as non-imperialism or non-colonialism?
when did galor  i mean nequality in the presence of credit market perfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation?
how would the geographical societies in europe reject certain travelers no sorry how would they support those travelers?
what kind of species err rather sediment  particles are there?
when did the uh actually no who did the transportation law allow personal aircraft to share the roadways with?
what did or uh who influenced the taliban's ideology?
what increases survival  no sorry what increases with the increase of income inequality?
when is it that a financial issue occurs i mean cash mean flow issues?
how did the camden 28 decide to use solidarity tactics to secure no no decide to submit themselves to the court after pleading guilty?
the west  whoops what are the two principal asian-american groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno?
what is the strongest no no the weakest main interaction?
aristotle believed that elements, sorry, objects in motion on earth would stay that way if what?
which or no make that what can any number larger than 6 be represented as?
who was no what were casualties of battle?
#value!
what has had a negative impact on organized labor or wait make that on the labor markets in the us?
where was or no make  that when was garrison born?
what is the largest main branch of the pannerdens kanaal, sorry that should be the rhine?
what two things no what fields may pharmacy informatics also work in?
what suffered considerably for warsaw oh rather why has bloc seen many improvements over the past decade?
how has or no rather what has crime rate been shown not to be correlated with in a society?
what is the lavietes pavilion at harvard i mean what is the name of harvard's primary recreational sports facility?
when was taoist movable type destroyed no earthenware?
what military branch does much of jacksonville's  filipino population have ties to, i mean it's arab population?
what doesn't, or rather, from the perspective of whom in the car is the vehicle and everything inside of it at rest?
what was schiller's or no make that leon's first literary cabaret?
what difficulties or rather whose activities were the french able to lose knowledge of?
who is the current, oh no, what shakespeare scholar is currently on the university's faculty?
the us government can submit er better refer the bill to whom?
what tracts does bacterial gastroenteritis no commensal flora help pathogens thrive in?
what kind of sleep was discovered at the u of c in 1953 no 1947?
an msp may introduce a bill as the scottish government or amend existing law as no aswhat?
who won no wait who lost money?
in which county does duval i mean jacksonville reside?
how did the jin dynasty come to have the 8 schools of medicine, no actually how did the yuan have the schools?
what types of hospital functions or no make that pharmacy functions have begin to be outsourced?
which are or rather what are fossil sequences applied to?
what was er who was one of the most famous people born in wola?
when did phagocytosis i mean what were they used for when they first evolved?
what does being a conservative do no what does following the rules help to preserve with a protest?
how i mean when did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war i?
when weren't j.a. hobson no joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period?
what kingdom annexed warsaw the capital of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth er make that duchy in 1796?
what is st. john's castle represented no um sorry the most interesting example of?
which group no what is the jelly-like substance called?
how long er what can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them?
when was the scale to weigh the rhine introduced shoot when was the measurement of the rhine introduced?
what did ibn sina, who lived from 1031-1095 base his hypothesis for construction, no wait, land formation on?
how many bodies of water make up the rhine oops lake constance?
what sea port is considered to be not so clean nowadays, oh i mean what river isn't anymore?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige no sorry what were islamist groups formerly supported by the west come to be seen as?
how many states no the factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett not identify?
if 15 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of euclid sorry, rather eratosthenes yield for all other numbers?
are tentacles or no make that sheaths wider or narrower in size near the mouth?
which lab or no rather what lab does the university have a joint stake in?
what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2014, make that 2015?
how can the or no rather what can the growth elasticity of poverty not depend on?
the result of the disobedience protesting the nuclear site was how many missles were at the nuclear test site?
the taliban was so different from other countries er uh forgive me, moments that they could be more accurately described as being what?
how long were the fighters of the poland sorry german ghetto uprising able to hold out?
how did the commission promote scottish self-governance no change that to how many hundred of years was scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain?
what was no the second world war caused what to be shelved?
the warsaw philharmony edifice umm rather the kronenberg palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture?
how, sorry, when was the university library founded?
when was economist no a study conducted of swedish counties?
who makes, no let me ask, who is elected at the beginning of each term?
in what century did branches waal and nederrijn-lek um the north sea discharge into the nederrijn river?
what is the name of another type of test i mean prime here p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?
when does where does manufacturing take place?
what schools er body would determine that funding for course content is forbidden?
what can an old, ill man do or rather not do?
in what year, actually, what is the name given to the university's main library?
what was one of the countries no the cities that had a port on the black sea?
where was the british or instead the french withdrawal to?
what helps or rather what are found in fossils?
who stated er when did the iranian government not get a resurgence?
what type er who are elected using an open ballot?
how does sleep i mean what does sleep have no effect on?
where does the rotterdam no the north sea discharge into?
how do cicada predator populations grow i mean how much larger would they be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals?
when was the second umm rather first sino-japanese war?
what were the national elections in 1990 hold on 1994 canceled by?
how was or no rather what was the plan for langlades mission?
what no no who accepts the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis?
who did germany or make that the ottoman empire ally with in ww i?
who refused to endorse the unep  uh ipcc?
invertebrates do not generate what type of lymphocytes uh er cells that are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system?
the world's first museum of posters have prestigious no one of the largest collections of in the world of what?
when was the debated no the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism?
when was no no um wasn't the french and indian war?
what does mnemiopsis er the beroe eat?
when did france take control of algeria i mean london?
who was the chairman of the u.s. national academy of sciences, no sorry the house committee on energy and commerce chairman?
who has the instructions of ensuring party members vote according to the party line no the task?
why do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of constituencies, no electors?
how many, no let me ask, what does the statocyst split to connect with?
how is or no rather what is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity?
what body in india provides policy directions to schools no no just tell me what is the term for an indian private school?
if q=9 and a=3, 6 or 9, how many primes would be in the progression or rather how many wraps would be in the progression?
how many successors of kublai was toghun the ninth of, no was he the first of?
what must oedipus no no disregard, what must sophocles do instead of following the king's will?
when was the beginning of the pleistocene no sorry tell me when the last glacial maximum peaked?
when was the first class taught at the university of texas no sorry chicago?
complex devices they umm for things such as weighing scales are used when measuring what?
what are the bodies of ctenophores no cilia also called?
which debate what debate is a debate on a motion proposed by an msp who is not a scottish minister?
what people no sorry tell me what were the native inhabitants of australia called?
what is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2008-2009 no the recession of 2000?
why might customers say umm order online or umm from internet pharmacies?
what are three instead uh how are the client and subcontractor linked?
how was the public network business allowed oh uh tymnet connected to dozens of other private networks?
#value!
on-line betting was supported by what applications, no sorry meant to say, network frame?
how far does one pharmacy in estonia or rather in croatia date back to?
what helps the interior designers during construction no integration?
a major part was played by university of chicago scholars in what development?
why did no who thought the world could be split into climatic zones?
how is preschool no wait what group fully funds preschool?
where is the or no make that what is the lower thermal boundary layer called?
how are the particle forces no what is considered less fundamental than the concept of force?
how no sorry i mean what will have a direct impact of inequality in a system that uses a progressive tax?
which developments in which scientists no which two compounds did al-muwaffaq differentiate between?
what did warner, no what was warner correct about?
what is the delta uh animal that the rhine's islands are named after?
rock units or make that stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word?
over how many species of trees can be found in the krasi palace garden no no the saxon garden?
what is needed for construction to take place or rather tell me what is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?
what word is the word apothecary taken from no sorry not apothecary but the word pharmacy?
where are the boston uh the harvard medical, dental and school of public health located?
what is one thing that article or uh rebellion must have in black's law dictionary?
what methods or like techniques can be used to determine paleotopography?
what county was jacksonville the seat of prior to 2014 no 1968?
what were woodblocks no chao made out of?
when did singer dispute the explanation no the graph at a senate hearing?
what is set up to scrutinize development projects or no rather to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders?
which parliament has seating arranged in a straight line or rather which chamber has 231 seats?
which or no rather what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack?
in 1785 who, oh wait, what was duc de choiseul's plan for focused military efforts?
the solicitor official of scotland has a seat in what excuse me which chamber?
where didn't er rather what wasn't the french population in north america?
which is or rather what is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 1 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
who took command of french in spring of 1753 no 1735?
in addition to english, what language is also often taught in nepalese public or rather private schools?
who acts as um sorry, what are some examples of undesirable end results of a project?
who oversees a fragrance i mean pharmacy technician in the uk?
how much er who went to fort dusquesne in june 1745?
what does an attempt to overthrow a government no an individual conscience not have to be?
7500 years ago or uh sorry instead how quickly is the sea level rising now?
what letter did washington present to marin oops no i mean saint-pierre ?
who are members or uh instead who makes up the student government?
how did harvard university or no make that the carnegie foundation start managing statistics for university admissions?
what is the newer, no what is the bad air theory officially known as?
what did the government or uh what was the taxman's political philosophy?
what bacteria umm i mean strategy is used by pathogens to encounter the innate immune system?
how many provinces did the ottoman empire contain in the 17th century no no sorry how many did it not contain?
what period opened the tethys ocean no sorry what period closed it?
the university agreed to grant work or i mean a degree to any graduate of affiliate schools that did what?
when was er what choice did french have for surrendering land?
how long have the intrusive rocks in the hawaiian islands oh no rather the southwestern us been around?
what did algeria or no make that england offer that was rare by imperial standards?
what aspects of government or rather life does islamism not seek to integrate itself into?
where is the border of bavaria or no make that of swiss and austria?
how many studies or like academic majors does the university grant in total?
why are no what can you say about a fault that penetrates the top rocks but not the lower formations?
who was wang zhen's no ogedei's husband?
how was from state house in downtown cambridge i mean in downtown boston is harvard yard?
what causes formalism no strain in structures?
what or no make that which florida city has the smallest population?
what may or no make that who may change the date by up to a month on the proposal of the po?
for many years, what status no just was the brotherhood described as?
who analysed er what report excluded a graph showing temperature reconstruction?
during what period was the tethys floor discovered no no sorry when did the jurassic period end?
what is the scenario called in which we don't make sorry change our greenhouse gas creation practices?
what was sadat seeking rather not seeking by releasing islamists from prison?
who was the black death named for no rather yersinia pestis?
what type of policy no um outlook do some of the muslims in london have?
what publication first uh stephen eildmann cites the oldest known example of civil disobedience in what part of the bible?
which is the no make that what is the name of the function used for the smallest integer not greater than the number in question?
what type of outcomes does skilled workers wait can even stable markets lead to?
what is uh actually, what do geologists use to study processes outside of the earth?
what was no what other reason caused good supply of new france from a difficult winter?
what cell sorry what is the least abundant type of phagocyte?
what palace no park covers and area of 74 ha.?
when a er what was the north american portion of war of austrian succession?
what has happened to new zealand students um no i mean private school numbers since 2014?
who can't no i meant what are internet pharmacies never called?
 
what relationship with egypt erm israel is sadat against?
how did or no rather when did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war ii?
when were theories developed before the no suggesting inequality may have some negative effect on economic development?
what use was suggested at the symposium i guess for the system?
what, no um whose wages increase when rich countries trade with poor countries, ?
what can or first who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth?
what defined the differences between the udp no the arpanet and sita hln and x.25?
there are plenty of moving vehicles no um experiments that can distinguish whether it is the vehicle that is at rest or what?
how many groups no campuses affiliated with harvard existed in 1977?
of what form, uh no, what test is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1?
who was no mohammad iqbal was what type of father to the state of pakistan?
what cells are used to multiply  no what cells do helper b cells assist?
how old is the rhine no the north sea?
who was appointed as the replacement for kong duancao, sorry that should be, duke yansheng kong duanyou?
when are packet mode communications asynchronously no not implemented?
what can increase the tension force on a load no no rather what can be used to model tension forces?
static friction forces no the balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface?
how ductile uh, what i mean long is a boudin?
who or no make that what ended turkish imperial ambitions?
who's will may abuse no um are elite politicians follow according to the government?
where do the branches zuider zee er instead the waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to?
what changes er what is the exchange of heat associated with?
what was the number like how many firms were existing in 2005?
in september 1760, um who owned no sorry who negotiated a war from montreal?
what is divided into uh four no sorry five classes?
what is an object's mass proportional to at the sea level actually make that the surface of the earth?
when did or what type of math was advanced during the yuan?
question n/a
what actually how many lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have?
how weren't oh um how didn't celeron feel about native relations?
when was the royal society of edinburgh begin no sorry founded?
who seperated, no  many scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell?
how did the final kublai nope i mean song emperor die?
what suite uses udp no sorry what responsibility do the hosts have in a virtual call system?
when did the jip dynasty start i mean end?
where in florida which city has the largest population?
what is plankton no scratch that what is a hermaphrodite?
what kinetic friction force no what occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction?
how much does it cost yearly to go to a us uh first tell me about uk university?
what did polish citizen sorry no did john paul ii's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage?
where did abercrombie no no um moncalm slip away to attack, left largely unprotected?
what are ctenophores commonly called no cnidarians?
one strategy of islamization is to seize borders err rather power by what methods?
what surface investigations do geologists do no rather what modern formations do they study?
what are public schools allowed to do to retain talented students or rather what right do private schools have that public schools don't?
how is it or no make that where is it unlikely that the first muticomponent, adaptive immune system arose?
what does the mermaid symbol um the sea monster with an inscription on its claws?
president wilson committed his government to what in 1978 or no make that in 1974?
which provinces in canada limit who pays australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews?
what is one of the most common causes of death in humans no the least?
which i mean what kind of cells fail to send out alarm signals?
which artist has a piece of his artwork located on fulton street no sorry at the fulton mall?
what is the largest river no city of poland?
what is the composer or like the name of the bungie inc. founder who is also a university graduate?
who was the conductor of noah in 2014, no sorry who was the director?
what types of alternatives did arpanet no no cyclades give?
how did the chinese or rather the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine?
when was the university's first president given his position?
how many museums no um sorry posters are in warsaw?
when was consumption inequality higher no lower than it had been in 1968?
what do euplokamis stationis or actually i mean bathyctena chuni and euhamphaea veilligera only produce when they change color?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 5 umm i mean 2?
what are two reasons a student would be able to get a scholarship for a private i mean rather a public school?
what paleontologists uh who is the current ceo and chairmen of goldman sachs?
who or rather what discouraged cultural exchange under the yuan?
when was actually what year was the third assessment report published?
what church was no wait let me rephrase, ministers of which faith were trained by the university in early years?
what was the name of the storm that hit st. augustine or no make that jacksonville in may of 2012?
what did many of the scottish wait no what percentage of the non-eligible voting population did not vote?
following restoration, what feature will enrich the biker no sorry pedestrian friendly environment?
who inspects the foundation uh more generally the uh building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local facilities or uh building code?
which or no what us war caused a high amount of civil disobedience?
why did or no make that what did saudi arabia not try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature?
what does the domed head of ctenophora or i mean the tentilla have?
how do or rather what do astronauts experience while in free-fall?
where did logstown no no um new briton call home?
what is total cost of attendance in 2007-13 or actually in 2012-13?
how many academic units make up harvard yard no radcliffe?
what does the or no make that how does the level of tuition in german private schools compare to private schools in other western european countries?
what is the primary reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients oh no tell me the secondary reason consulting pharmacists are doing this?
which or no make that what type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals?
who had a different version or actually what alternative to arpanet was developed?
what are there no longer limitations on since 1939, uh actually since 1945?
original sorry late published versions were utilized by who?
who led the yuan dynasty no the mongolian borjigin clan?
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the moon umm rather the earth?
what is the density of all wraps if a and q are coprime i meant to say compatible with a modulo 9?
if a and q are coprime what or no make that which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes?
how come actually i mean why is there not a worldwide network instead of a uk only one?
what type of zero oh no rather mean prime distribution does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x?
how old was pulaski err rather chopin when he moved to wola with his family?
what city er what is the second level of territorial division in warsaw?
what was the purpose of nsf or uh actually csnet
what will a person or no a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called?
what is the main difference between customers no sorry online pharmacies and community pharmacies?
what does someone diagnosed as a maniac need to decide when dealing with neighbors uh i should say  police?
what organization was praised by muslims no has continued to be a major disruptive force in palestine?
what can help wait what can work to even the distribution of wealth?
where or wait what was warsaw's first literary cabaret?
what percentage or uh instead how many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them?
what theory  is the derivative of an object's changing momentum oh well least best describes gravity?
what did pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis no no um robert koch prove was the cause of infectious disease?
what does first no wait how many days does the council have to override the mayor's veto?
what makes up 11.6% of this city no uhh tell me what is the land area of jacksonville?
what rules er who funds the ipcc's deputy secretary?
what population has increased since 1970 no racial group?
in 1951 no uh who purchased the factor in 1995 in south korea?
who designed no actually when was the university library closed?
half of wait no a third of pacific islanders are what ethnicity?
how quickly is the sea level dropping or rather how long has the ongoing tectonic subsidence in the southern north sea been happening for?
what was the black, errm instead white population in 1942 in fresno?
when was the riemann hypothesis roughly stated that the asymptotic distribution of primes oh scratch that proposed?
how many men did trent or no make that duquensne send to kill saint-pierre?
which or no rather what movements did not pursue a more radical direction?
how much of egypt's population was killed by the plague no paris'?
why did er when did the syrian civil war begin?
do adults or juveniles secretions correlate no luminescence brighter?
in what kind of chamber do species in the genus ocryopsis keep their females er rather eggs until they hatch?
who first er instead when was the rhine first discovered?
what was warsaw's i mean when were most of the places of religious worship destroyed there?
who is the palestinian president that went to harvard costa rican i mean?
when was the, oops, when did the four rightly guided caliphs die?
which egyptian, better who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime?
what private umm no i mean international data communications network was headquartered in san juan, ca?
what is arpanet sorry i mean csnet
most platyctenida will ugh have what on their aboral surface?
what is the red sea urgh the oncorhynchus also called?
how many people lived in constantinople in 1750 or uh1701?
what ancient method no um hmm oh property do geologists study?
what is the process of memory, scratch that, vaccination also known as?
how is, no wait, what is packet switching?
which type of medicine or no make that medical treatment is completely different from acquired immunity?
who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime no sorry how to create a an infinite number from a mersenne prime?
whose army liberated warsaw in 1796 sorry 1806?
what types of medications umm rather diseases are specialty drugs no longer used against?
what territory was no wasn't ceded to britain?
what could pathogens do during sleep, oh sorry i mean what does inflammation do during sleep?
what does the museum no the riding museum boast having from adolf hitler's private collection?
what symbolizes the queen, oops not her, that a partial meeting of parliament is taking place?
when did oh no in what year were the last classes held in the university?
what shape does the aboral usually have or wait what's another name for the aboral?
the idea that islam can be apolitical isn't able to be observed uh instead embraced by whom?
when did umm what country did the rhine continue to rise during the holocene?
who governed the central errm i mean northern region in the yuan?
what psychologists umm rather anthropologists are also university alumni members?
what is or no make that who is an actor and also serial host?
what class sorry term is shorthand for antibody generators?
how did the war begin no where wasn't it fought?
when did the lower er uh last glacial end?
what is the force between closed system no two locations related to?
who sorry actually what is uncontroled by the market and economy?
what is the civil disobedience called where people refuse to be released no sorry what was the goal of this roman disobedience?
robert watson was no what substantial error put the ipcc research in doubt?
what is the circumference of cambridge's campus no harvard stadium?
how did or make that when did the high school education movement occur?
who oversees no what i meant was what type of professional is a pharmacy technician considered to be?
what are or rather how many residential dorms house upper class, sophomore, jr, and sr students?
what do the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the scottish parliament no the first minister about?
what was sadat not seeking by releasing islamists from prison no sorry just tell me what he was seeking when he released them from prison?
what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.k. federal health care system sorry no u.s.?
who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be scotland's chief law officer or rather first minister?
what was invented in 1788 that revolutionized warfare sorry no in 1888?
bassett doesn't analyze no focus on what to illustrate his idea?
the rocks at the grand canyon have been what is complex about the layering of the hawaiian islands?
what are the flagella on the outer surface called no sorry the eight comb rows?
how many people gather along the banks of warsaw or no make that the vistula for the wianki festival?
what was the rand no the report r-2626?
how long or actually tell me what degree is now mandatory in the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist?
other than 7 and 13, what other year interval do insects no predators pupate?
what do oops sorry i mean what are public schools called in germany?
who reports instead what does a list of top 250 transportation markets published show?
how much success did this expedition with gage or no make that with braddock find?
when did the gorinchem, sorry i meant to say, the meuse and waal merge?
what person helped establish the school with a donation oh make that society founded the university of chicago?
where does uh which direction does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany?
what kind of human t cells respond to common receptors sorry molecules produced by microbes?
where was canada actually france concentraing efforts?
what are construction sub sectors no sorry construction managers rather?
orthogonal force angles hmm instead vectors can can four-dimensional with what?
the scottish parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers are already reserved by where no no sorry as long as the powers are not already reserved?
when did actually who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels?
when i mean what did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do?
what building, sorry, list was the soviet union's old town inscribed onto in 1980?
how are the or actually what are the top 4-5% graduating students honored with?
which country, oh opps, what was one of the countries that had isolated alpine villages?
when was the cretaceous-paleogen extinction discovered no when did it occur?
what is one condition that an element of an algebraic structure in which oh no p of r must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element?
who claims that governmental entities or uh no wait make that public companies can also part of civil disobedience?
which is or what is seldom considered by those involved with the design and execution of infatructure?
what was the first fcc-licensed public data network rather business was incorporated in 1975?
what types of people were always involved in the federal official no the court system?
what kind of experiments can be performed on large settings no sorry tell me what kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform?
how many er what is the name of the private day school for k-12 students the university runs?
near chur, which direction does the aare uh instead rhine turn?
when do bills sorry members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill?
aristotle or no make that sir galileo galilei corrected the previous misunderstandings about what?
what type of leadership, maybe regime ruled over sudan for many years?
if an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election, how does it no what does it do to the ordinary election?
what society er who is known as the poorest man in all history?
how is income inequality um just income determined in a market with variously skilled workers?
what cause no sorry event was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into the black sea?
what is an example of a mechanical barrier on trees oops i mean leaves?
what percentage of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it or rather what did 51.6% vote against?
what dynasty came before the yuan no no tell me what non-chinese empire the yuan dynasty succeeded?
what is the mace displayed in sorry not that but what is inlaid with gold panned from french rivers?
how much gun powder was created no uh destroyed in attack?
how many probabilistic no no um modern types of algorithm tests for general numbers n are there?
what is the observable effect of beta decay no sorry of w and z boson exchange?
when did no in what year did fresno experience the most rainfall?
what private school or rather school model is sweden notable for?
what cultures were part of jurchens' umm kublai's administration?
what processes occur above the magma er earth?
newton's first law, oh no um, his second law of motion states what?
what happens to inequality er uh the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent decreases, according to imf staff economists?
what is the logic behind the cicadas outbreak no sorry can you explain the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy?
what does geometry ramification seek to achieve no nevermind i want to know what quadratic reciprocity seeks to achieve?
what astronomer hated guo shoujing no um kublai khan?
how can or instead what does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable?
how much higher no no lower did researchers suggest sea levels would be in 2100 as compared to 1990?
what medicine, oops, department did kublai create to bother doctors?
where are many pharmacies no hospital pharmacies located?
when no what is raghuram rajan's career?
how many people what percentage of the population of paris i mean lived in oslo at the start of the plague outbreak in 1654?
how long as the u.s. government or no make that the canadian government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism?
where does the tamins sorry i mean the rhine make a distinctive turn to the south?
which is the or no make that what is the receptor that killer t cells use to bind to specific antigens that are complexed with the mhc 1 class receptor of another cell?
in which journal did climate scientists no five lead ipcc authors call for support of the ipcc?
what can no make that how long can the cillia grow on ctenophores?
where is the national theatre or no make that the congress hall located?
why no who named thorne ave?
what type of correlation is used, no wait, was used previously to help date rock formations?
which type or no rather what type of civil disobedience is larger scale?
who produced the first geological map of england sorry i meant to say of the u.s.?
who was given land with the indian tribes in logstown oops by british goovernment for development of ohio country?
what do cilia, no i'm sorry, what do epithelial cells fill most of in the nuda?
which are the or no make that what are the agents detected by the immune system called?
when was the sierra sky park, no no, are there any other aviation communities like the park in the u.s?
what was the original name of fresno i mean the bankamericard?
how large can cnidarians grow no sorry ctenophora not cnidarians?
what movement oh uh organization was led by hasan al-hudaybi?
who won the ekstraklasa championship in 1946 uh sorry 2000?
when were um how was kublai's administration running out of money?
what session uh instead optional committees are committees which are set down under what?
whose work er when were the shortcomings of aristotle's physics overcome?
which graph was prominently featured in the third no the um second assessment report?
who decided to make a very large donation to the university's harris school of public policy studies or rather to the university's booth school of business?
when antibodies bind to antigens on the patient's own cells, rather what occurs when antibodies will not bind to the patient's cells?
what form er what is one example of unique rational primes?
what do climate models predict will decrease oh no increase by as much as 0.6 degrees c in the next 100 years?
most tourists are attracted to jacksonville for what food or rather sport?
when did the democratic republic of the soviet union, oh no, of afghanistan collapse?
what is one example of a rational prime or wait unique factorization domain?
what stalled or when did the fresno traction company begin to provide streetcar connections?
what was british, no, french military presence at start of war?
how long no when is the oldest armed seal of sigilium from?
according to the wealth concentration theory, what concentrates er uh disadvantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth?
which or no make that what effect do technologies and resources generate?
when the sorry what is the major tributary for the rhine?
how many rooms, no where can a tribute to the fall of warsaw be found?
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no cryptography benefit, no no sorry, mathematical?
on what date was the record high oh wait actually the low temperature in fresno?
what protocol or first tell me what was apple talk
what year did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church?
which document does the muslim brotherhood rather motto do they follow as their constitution?
what borders er when did the peace of westphalia last until?
what court case was eventually the result of george carlin umm i mean joseph haas sending an e-mail to the new hampshire city council?
what do vacuoles oh no photocytes produce?
in what century, nope scratch that, year did samuel k. cohn, jr. read graham twigg's major work?
who wrote the principles of evolution or it was rather faunal succession?
who is a nobel prize winning prior economist no novelist?
who took command of british traders in the spring of 1735 no the french in spring of 1753?
what latitude no city has a tropical climate?
where do a minority of consultant pharmacists tend to work no no sorry where the majority of them typically work?
what did scott uh sorry i mean shrewsbury note about the plague?
how many people are on i mean who is on the ipcc panel?
where are nepalese private ahh actually tell me where galaxy public school is located?
what does sleep have no effect on no no sleep hormones shift the cytokine balance to which cytokine?
what does rajan feel hasn't created deep financial fault lines or i guess tell me what he thinks has created deep financial fault lines?
what would ghandi or henry david thoreau quote to audiences in india?
who was the first no when was the first known historical reference to immunity?
what caused the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1900 no 1901?
when did the il-khanate experiment with paper money no no sorry when did they stop experimenting with paper money?
dial up or dedicated async connections connected what or rather who?
which is or no make that what is another notable university in unesco after the university of warsaw?
after what american war no after what battle did union forces return to and occupy jacksonville for the rest of the war?
what are host cells unable to secrete, sorry i mean bacteria?
what are the small tentacles on a platyctenids no a cydippids called?
what was the first spanish empire based on no british?
what does the auricles er uh sorry lobata have pair of?
how many public parks does fresno have or rather large public parks?
where are er how was the dutch name for the rhine originally spelled?
when or rather where was shirey going to be when fort oswego wasn't to be attacked?
which or rather what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression?
when did kublai construct the new city no when did he fail to move the mongol capital?
when was no no i meant in what year was marseille founded?
when did no what is the name of the architectural no the hotel that was renamed the grand 1401?
when or actually was sitting is 874.3 km\u00b2?
where was nah halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of geographers?
what aren't both developments of inewuality no branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz?
a new theory of what was developed having, no wait, using quantum particles?
what type of prime number no algorithm is trial division?
how i mean when was the prime number theorem proven?
how well or like instead what power is available to australian private schools but generally not present in public schools?
what year no no when did british government give land for development of ohio country?
in antigone, what must or who was the target of civil disobedience?
how does no what kind of diet can salmon provide to other predators?
when are members allowed to question the first minister rather what can they specifically ask aboutduring first minister's question time?
which zone is no no what is the kampinos forest the last remnant of?
when was montreal not given a separate name sorry captured?
what body or uh what amendment to the united states constitution governs government funding of religious schools?
a small fraction of the cold water flow from lake constance goes to what other island no rather lake?
how can the deposition of compliment bind to microbes and activate their protease activity oy kill invader cells directly?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of discriminating fashion, no no, what type of imperialism?
up to what age do students prefer to be called independent schools no do students in the united kingdom attend preparatory schools?
by how much did the navy increase the responsibility ah no defendant's sentence?
what did um shoushi li do for calendars no guo shoujing?
along with the cisce and nenbse, who is or no make that what is a notable examination board in multiple indian states?
which dynamic equilibrium hey now physics were not contradicted by observations and logic?
what party forms the junior ministers no the scottish parliament?
as of january 2016 how many primalities does the second no the largest known prime consists of?
the name of the no no never mind what are the zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries called?
thoreau argues that usually majority will uh rules but their views collectively are sometimes?
when or rather in what year was the kalven report issued?
can a node no no a packet be lost and if so, then where does it go?
how did or no make that what did electromagnetic theory finally lead to?
what did eliot handing out the harvard crimson at a regatta do for the school in 1858 no no um 1875?
what began no what was it called when jacksonville's white population moved to the city?
which british no rather french general negotiated at montreal?
what is the name for a mechanism no response of the immune system that damages the body's native tissues?
what ethnic group located in jacksonville is ranked twelfth populated no tenth largest?
in a neoclassical economy or actually make that in a market economy, what is inequality a reflection of?
what all is balanced in an open system of particles no sorry what is internally missing from this system?
what has triggered no caused oxfam's findings to be questioned?
when the what is included in the 2002 act that granted further fiscal devolution?
what has a smaller impact actually no a bigger impact on the united states' economy more than trade?
in the great internet mersenne prime search, where no what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 150,000 digits?
what immune system i mean is gotten rid of after a pathogen has been eliminated?
who took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts?
what was uh instead bbn provided financing for what?
microplates squeezing and reversing direction or no rather rotating created the features of what?
what is an example of a virus that uses the antigenic variation strategy to evade life no destruction?
how did wang zhen or rather the mongols acquire japanese printing technology?
when b cells and t cells begin to function, scratch that, replicate, what do some of their offspring cells become?
apart from its mathematics and postgraduate schools, what else does the residential treatment program oops the university run?
what did jacksonville refer to middle class citizen leaving the suburbs er rather suffer from following world war i?
st. john's cathedral is an example of what kind of attraction in warsaw, i mean king sigimund's column and what kind of attraction is it?
when did fresno no i mean fulton street become the main financial district? "," how err rather when did fulton street become the main financial district?
after shirley umm i mean braddock died, who controlled south american british forces?
what effect or like what is gravitational acceleration proportional to?
qwest no rather abilene was a prime investor in what project?
what is a magazine for design companies or more specifically a trade magazine for design industry?
what is the grand canyon i mean hawaii made of that has existed since cambrian time?
what were the housing no the structures built by the soviets typical of?
where did france win a war in the 1950s or no make that in the 1970s?
what's the situation er instead name of where the rhine branches off near dordrecht?
when there or uh what leads to confusion and collapse?
who came up with twin no no which conjecture claims that for any positive integer n, there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n?
what type of ratios are used in lava or actually in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies?
what career, no i actually want to ask this; income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a smaller share of it is know to economists by what term?
some modern scholars believes that the science of geology can be traced to where?
which pharmacists never seek additional education following pharmacy school or rather which pharmacists are likely to seek additional education following pharmacy school?
which genus is stromatoveris similair to ?
halford er like friedrich ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country?
how much did it cost to build cambridge stadium or no make that harvard stadium?
what is a simple form of disobedience i mean civil disobedience?
what was the english\\u007f, no i mean spanish title of polo's book?
which or rather what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm?
what type of infrastructure or better yet construction is divided into private and public buildings?
who is responsible for monitoring model results or climate data rather?
when did the age of imperialism begin no sorry when did it end?
where no sorry genghis khan fought to unite which tribes?
who had toghun temur oops toghtogha tried to defeat?
how would no make that what would someone who is civilly disobedient do in court?
what number aww sorry percentage of the population of spain died of the plague in the 17th century?
in what year no when was economics no um rem sleep discovered?
what guarantees a sufficient funds no um solid cash flow is in place before a project to assure its completion?
what is there only one no scratch that why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
what force is part of the modern arcane no si system?
what was the publication no um why is the theory of evolution so complex?
what follows the same set of problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources oh no mathematical rules than physical quantities?
what process do moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of, i mean that they don't work in?
what conflicts did the ozone mitigation increase no reduce?
what are people from california sorry florida sometimes called?
how many native americans were there in 2010 er uh 1970?
what force changes an objects direction of velocity no travel?
which type or make that what type of clerk sits behind the presiding officer?
what year was st. elizabeth born no no tell me the year when st. elizabeth flooded part of the north sea?
what is a different word for stretched no actually for thinning rocks in french?
what is no how are nuclear forces transmitted?
what area was the yangzi river no kublai trying to capture by defending xiangyang?
what do the study no the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague?
what can or rather how many main interactions are not know?
what applications um who had remote terminal access?
what are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model no sorry i mean to say that the unique model predicts that exchanged particles are the fundamental means by what?
where might government, um, committees meet outside of parliament?
what must uh when forces are acting on an extended body, what do you need to account for motion effects?
what was the average household no i mean average family size?
what are cestida named?
why might rats no sorry why might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading?
how umm i mean when did warsaw start to rebuild?
when more workers are required, what happens to labor or i mean the job market?
besides confucianism, no i mean what type of musical instruments did the yuan bring to china?
the conservatives or no make that the snp gave eight seats to the liberal who?
how recently has the homes in the mediterranean sorry fresno been restored?
packets can be forwarded i mean delivered via what route?
how poorly did tibetan or no make that mongol emperors know spoken chinese?
how many or uh who is currently speaker of the scottish parliament?
what affect or actually how effective was the military use of the \"afghan arabs\"?
who described let's say discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate?
what group's membership does not reflect the balance of parties in msps, oops no, in parliament?
what isn't a differentiated umm rather guaranteed quality of service?
the plos pathogens paper was about what?
what gravity theory, i mean, electroweak theory has not been developed? "," which or no rather what electroweak theory has not been developed?
when did jamaa sorry who has the islamic liberation party never attempted to assassinate?
what trade no i mean religion did the french spread along with their imperialism?
what is the name of natural dam that connects the posterior rhine, or actually the rhine valley?
who had no real military power who had military control during the yuan?
what type of flower is sought on midsummer's night or no make that midsummer's eve?
like the university of hyde park, what did the university of chicago or rather shimer college and 10 other schools adopt?
can a connection identifier oops address information be changed after set-up?
what is no in the tallest um shortest building in downtown jacksonville?
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force, sorry by peace?
what brought the emergence of jacksonville filmmaking no no the downfall?
where was or no make that when was francis aidan gasquet born?
when did the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad no the syrian civil war end?
tymnet utilize no um consisted of a large private network that supported who?
when did income inequality begin or rather what sector of jobs are beginning to decrease?
who discovered the fermi effect no the compton effect?
what do computers use to subsurface no coal to reconstruct?
in the fall quarter of 2012 i mean 2014, how many students signed up for the college?
which physics uh no what type of equilibrium was first described by aristotle?
what are or rather any even number larger than what cannot be considered distinct?
who, sorry, what does salafism in its harshest form discourage its followers to view the religion of others with?
where did turabi set no sorry place students apathetic to his views?
what dictionary containtains er scratch that other terminology is considered much more destructive?
which debate er what is the university's winter carnival and concert called?
what kinds of growth did kublai encourage no no tell me what 'pal monqolica' means instead?
what are the, um no, what name is given to any prime number larger than 1?
how many species of rotifers have been discovered no no tell me how many are yet to be named?
what do the tentacles on the inner surface no no on plankton do to help them find prey?
what type of no what can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface?
silas er uh george c. walker served as trustee, treasurer and donor of what?
what introduced sorry i mean discouraged trade under the yuan?
what other locations can the paris school of business no the booth school of business be found?
what arrives i mean leads to jacksonville's storms besides low humidity?
what is the delta delimited in the east, oop, the north by?
what impact uh like what contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers?
how does or no uh what combined with raising prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace?
where in tonopah or uh las vegas did a famous protest take place?
which is the no make that what is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as?
how do the fees at former private or rather model c schools compare to those at other schools?
what does high excuse me low levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries?
to which no rather what may general arithmetic questions be transferred to or from?
how does the education service contracting, oh sorry, i meant the tuition fee supplement help high school students?
when was the um what did the conflict galvanize non-muslims around the world to do?
what is the name of another compelling continuation of the carmichael, oh scratch that, i meant the fermat primality test?
which is less or actually more costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
in which institute that was dumb illinois city is the marine biological laboratory located?
what did the wwf or no make that the ipcc say was mistaken?
what can cause a period of decreased inequality, sorry, make that a poverty trap?
how err i mean what is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum?
when did channing eliminate christianity in the curriculum no sorry tell me during which years was william ellery channing president of harvard?
how wide er what is the last major bend in the rhine called?
what do actually i mean what is cnidaria sometimes categorized as instead of ctenophora?
who built or rather how did the rhine gorge form?
where did or no make that what did oliver ray state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 21st century?
what cells do molecules no that doesn't make sense a plants and animals both have?
in what year did millerton or uh sorry fresno become an incorporated city?
which or no what types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician not be responsible for?
where do er which month is the first in the year parliament takes a two week vacation?
who bought the factory in 1951 er instead 1925?
what can or no make that where can a tribute to the fall of katyn be found?
who did the kingdom of spain er uh poland trade with?
what term what drove residents to quieter suburban housing?
what tax rate or instead what is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously?
what is another word for formation no no um the xenoliths?
what were or rather\u007f who were potachi?
who was warsaw under the administration of when it began the rule of the general goverment no came under?
which no what is warsaw's symbol?
what symbol  woah what countries use a red stylized a to signify pharmacy?
in the process of vaccination, whose deliberate induction no um what is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity?
when didn't hm what wasn't the idealized value of imperialism?
how many members are elected directly every four years no are on the warsaw city council?
which scientists pioneered no avoided the creation of pharmacology in modern islam?
what is the division no the um name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers?
what is neglected in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries, sorry i meant what is higher in countries with  more inequality?
what city, raided by clans and dukes, preceded the founding of warszowa not that boleslaw?
who is the brother, umm wait, father of sophocles?
which or no make that how many people did hamas kill between 2000 to 2007?
on what type of exponentiation does the diffie\\u2013hellman key exchange does not wait does depend on?
what can scientists apply to radioactive isotopes no to relative rock sections to to find isotopes?
how didn't er where didn't old briton call home?
when is er how long has the imagery of the mermaid been used by sigilium?
the meeting of the what took place on 12 march 1998, opss make that, 1999?
who developed the similar technology to baran or rather the same technology?
if the average u.s. worker did less schooling, oh what amount of growth would be generated over 5 years no not less schooling but say if they did an additional year of school?
whose law made rest associated with no physically indistinguishable from zero constant velocity?
how many much greater were 1990 sea levels than those anticipated in the year 2100?
how long is tower district oh nope olive avenue?
educators support educational standards no um choice as long as what happens?
in what state umm or rather dynasty did tianze live?
what did the bankamericard allow merchants, no customers instead, do to that they couldn't do with previous financial instruments?
what was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern india or uh china?
when was er what is the name of the european union agency for external border security?
when did the economic no the colonization of india not occur?
hundreds of madrasahs spawned what religious group i mean organization?
which or no make that what phenomenon has led to criticism?
how did or no make that what did duke yansheng kong duanyou stay with?
which or no rather what tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality?
what was x.25 sorry austpac?
how many households had someone alone under the age of 65 er 18?
what do petrologists use electron microprobes in the lab oh no what properties are analyzed with a conoscopic lens by petrologists?
tell me the name of a taoist text inscribed with i mean just the name of ogedei's wife?
what does pluton emplacement give after a stratigraphic sequence is measured in the crystal lattice or i guess minerals?
colonial rule is, no wait, would be considered what type of imperialism?
what was the population jacksonville city as of 2011 no sorry 2010?
what causes crystallization or wait tell me what kind of mineral crystallizes from erosion?
what do petrologists use rock samples or rather electron microprobes in the laboratory for?
what type no what fields of study were advanced during the yuan?
why do police and fire services fall under the reserved matters, umm i mean purview of the scottish parliament?
how many households no women older than eighteen are there for every 100 men?
what is the name of the greek papyrus that suggests that they may have had knowledge of infinite numbers aw nah sorry egyptian papyrus?
where are ribonucleases not associated with pathogens i mean conserved?
how no where is the data reassembled?
what is responsible no what force changes an objects speed?
what is another type of assumption er uh private key cryptography algorithm?
when did no who did italy fight during the thirty years war?
when do what do killer b cells kill?
after its re-opening, which types of movies did broadway er uh shoot the tower theatre show?
what is the muscles no the um the mesoglea situated along the underside of?
how slow no oops fast does septicemic kill most people left untreated?
what determines the radioactive isotopes no the um temperature profile outside of the crust?
what status or actually who was the first democratically elected president of egypt?
when imperialism impacts no i mean does not impact social norms of a state, what is it called?
who develped er who formulated the laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three thousand years?
antibody-dependent symptoms no hypersensitivity belongs to what class of hypersensitivity?
when was er what does warsaw's mixture of architectural styles reflect?
what is  no why is the node required to look up\\t?
when did internet2 partner with no who did they partner with?
who was the secretary general of no wait what was ban ki-moon not the secretary general of?
how old is a layer umm rather a lava flow after it cools?
what number of students does the university of chicago have enlisted?
where do copepods or wait sorry ctenophores be found in large numbers?
when was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification no sorry when was ambulatory care pharmacy rejected as its own certification?
what year or instead what is the most important problem in the united states and elsewhere?
how many minutes are opening speakers given no no closing speakers given between 5 and how many minutes?
which set of countries have higher economic liberalism or no i mean higher economic mobility than the united states?
what sorts of items are never displayed in the estonian no the esteve pharmacy museum?
which type or no make that what type of architecture is the house of st. john's merchant family a notable example of?
how much of baldwin ugh or um jacksonville is made up of water?
when did france begin in earnest to concentrate ugh instead build its global empire for the first time?
where is the or no make that what is the nervous system protected by?
how was or no make that what does persistent unemployment have a positive effect on?
what doesn't systematic economic inequalities, oops i mean political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power?
when or actually tell me how many buildings were razed by the jacksonville fire?
in a type iii secretion system, host cells no proteins are transported to the host cell in order to do what?
under the scotland act of 1988, ordinary general elections are held where or no make that when?
what kind of academic content of the i mean did public schools focus on for white students?
how many no when was the fresno normal school stated?
what areas did british or make that did french reject natives from?
how did africa becoming public no um sorry independent change the laws about missionaries coming to africa?
who was lost to the party as van braam no washington went on the way?
how do i mean what do contractors look to ensure during building construction?
what has homicides been show to be correlated with in a society no crime rate?
what a formal design team be assembled to do ?
when did frozen subsoil no a rapid warming begin and help vegetation?
what profession was, no wait, does simon kuznets have?
what are er what happens deeper in the earth where brittle deformation occurrs?
what law states that forces are interactions between objects, well specifically, bodies?
when did where did john paul ii celebrate mass in berlin?
what virus did robert koch, i'm sorry, walter reed discover?
which condition uh what condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1?
what principle er what is the age of key beds if they are related to a fault and not cut?
the st. mary's church no no the um house of the baryczko merchant family is a notable example of what type of architecture?
what does the cold water flow of the rhine oh just water being visible depend on?
which has pardon me what has replaced higher skilled workers in the united states?
why did uh when did isil refuse to pledge allegiance to al-qaeda?
what was the worlds first service center no um commercial online service?
what increases rather decreases rapidly as per capita income increases?
what is the average high no the precipitation rate in july?
what kind of interethnic marriage became common no, i mean uncommon in the jin dynasty?
why are or uh what part of the innate immune system directly attacks microbes?
who was the director of the american geographical society in 1917 er 1914?
what has er when did isil pledge allegiance to al-qaeda?
what has been proven is released by euplokamis stationis instead uh ctenophores becaue of their environment?
what was the oh no no, um who defeated montcalm at montreal?
can a er instead packet switching communication has what kind of bit rate?
what was organized by local families before the college preparatory no the supreme court case went to court?
which theorem would be invalid if the number 1 really the number 15 were considered prime?
when was the theory of the earth formed no the royal society of edinburgh?
what percent of the global assets in 2000 were equal to how many average people no owned by just 1% of adults?
where does the lower rhine flow through, i mean the upper?
what does child well-being in developing countries correlate most to no sorry in developed countries rather?
how many surrounding neighborhoods no um acres of land is the state house situated on?
what is the lack of a jelly-like layer also called when in a complex animal no change that to what are more complex animals labeled when they have a jelly-like layer?
when did painting activity in the palaces and churches take place in the early sorry later decades of?
how long is the rhine sorry, i mean the netherlands?
very little of the work done by scottish parliament was done sorry is done where?
who is sorry what measures the levels of fuel consumption?
how is the wait no i mean what is the understanding of neural and muscle cell types important to our understanding of?
what plea was avoided no entered in the case the us v. dougherty?
in what state, no no um, what will a pharmacist who fails the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called?
the visa or no wait the bankamericard could be used across many merchants but could not do what?
what percentage of the population died in the 1300, no no, the 1625 outbreak of the black death?
what makes, uh no let me ask you, what is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed?
what p or was damaged during the 1871 tropical storm fay no in 2008?
when did the early cambrian sessile fond-like no i meant to say did vendobionta's descendants become?
what degree is no longer mandatory in canada umm or wait the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist?
what cities are 340 km from fort caroline no jacksonville?
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th uh 20th century?
how no when did the cold war begin?
trotsky thought what was not needed for a true ussr revolution, actually a true russian revolution.
besides the study of prime numbers, what british mathematician um general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics?
what did the business allow for private companies to?
what zooplanktonic no uh ctenophore was accidentally introduced into the black sea?
after the hochrhein or i mean the rhine emerges from lake constance, what direction does it flow?
how many afghan or uh instead muslims came from around the world to fight in afghanistan?
who was the ideologue of the western governments, no no, the iranian revolution?
how much of a developed countries gdp typically involves mass production of similar items oh pardon me does manufacturing comprise?
who argued uh no which years did studies find that warming was exceptional?
in the 20th, no the 19th century, the development of quantum mechanics led to what?
how are or what are some of the most well known experiments in patterns of faulting?
what type of developments no arts flourished in the yuan?
where was the first library, actually, the first garden located?
what is the edge of the moraine plateau no vistula plateau called?
what was not the territory no the capital of the ottoman empire?
at what size and larger can drugs scratch that what is the study of small sets of proteins?
what direction  no sorry what was martin parry's role in the ipcc?
what was the north american theatre of the seven years' war oh the first battle in 1754?
when governing tribe or just tell me what rule did some native live under?
what percentage er how did the black death travel down the silk road?
how was or rather why was polonia relegated from the country's top flight in 2013?
in what event nope i mean article does it give gleichschaltung the right to create private schools?
what does fresno er uh sacramento mean in spanish?
besides the south pacific, oh not that, besides africa, where did germany have imperial interests?
how many people belong that is vice presidents are in the board of trustees?
how was the scratch that what was the government the final judge of?
when did no how long did the fighting last in seven years war?
what is a trait no no let me say that again, what is unique about simultaneous hermaphrodites?
what yields the horizontal force no actually the non original force?
what did vendobionta's descendants become or rather tell me what genus is considered the aunt of vendobionta?
who are no what are ten of the sororities members of?
when did no what century did the germanic vocalism rin come from?
what did pdp oh uh decnet phase i become?
friedrich ratzel or eek j. a. hobson wanted which races to develop the world?
when did i am sorry how did the united states plan to subdue non-imperialistic tendencies?
how many people lived in the city, i mean um, warsaw in 1939?
where is the no make that what is the largest city in carpathia?
what are often associated with the transfer of cold or rather tell me the law of thermodynamics that is associated with closed system heat exchange?
what motivations cause failure of the disobedience with authorities?
what type of plea is sometimes taken no scratch that what is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain?
in many countries, who does or uh what kind of pay gap is there?
european expansion no imperialism was focused on what?
what happened to harvard's graduate schools during wwii no um radcliffe's during wwll?
what did er what does catastrophism believe is still occurring today?
what occurs um what type of hypersensitivity takes between two and three weeks to develop?
who has no oops selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors?
how many scales i mean epochs are there?
debates about civil disobedience include what major practice sorry include or exclude?
what method does the limited coercion no the um sorry government use to get their issue heard?
in what year was the first geological map of england or no i mean of the u.s. produced?
how do or no make that why do anarchists want to accept punishment?
to what schools did shimer college like uh the u of c agree to provide books and supplies free of charge?
what do treatment regimens no no um clinical pharmacists not specialize in?
how long ummm what three things do you need for manufacturing to happen?
what is the name of the parliament that is unable to i mean the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the scottish parliament?
what would  no what is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty?
what did or like how many americans are richer than more than half of all citizens?
what are or uh what do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome?
besides being right angles, i mean subtracted, forces can also do what?
question n/a
when can the right to create state of emergency no no private schools be taken away in other countries?
why was the protection of private schools implemented in 2008, no make that in 1992?
who masterminded er where did american troops remain stationed after saddam's defeat?
what did the genoese erm mongol army throw in their catapults?
what was apolitical or rather when was the heyday of secular arab nationalism?
what water abruptly falls no is constantly visible along the entire length of the lake?
the defeat of the islamist no wait i mean the arab troops in the six-day war constituted what for the arab muslim world?
what is an example of no no what responses protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system?
how many constituency msps are there no sorry how many members can voters choose to represent the constituency?
what two women were defying the pharaoh ooh no rather dilemma is a good example of perjury?
what did factories uh i should say industry do to the rhine until the 1980s?
what number oh wait what type of number did the early greeks consider 1 to be?
what is the name of the organization in charge of running the newspaper at the university, oh sorry the on campus clubs?
what did stiglitz present in 2008 regarding global inequality no sorry i meant in 2009?
where was no what is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death?
what demanded is known to be a good example of moral civil disobedience no dilemma?
what kind of cross-polarized no no um rock samples are analyzed by an electron microprobe?
the center in chicago or no the center in paris is located near what river?
when did no no um how long did the cold war last?
when did tugh temur destroy the academy or wait tell me when it was founded?
the kuznets curve says with economic development, inequality will increase after who no i mean what?
what was the protocol no the purpose of the suite developed in 1985?
who umm rather what is not a problem with internet pharmacies?
when a conflicting territorial claim oh no wait sorry a commission reached a decision, what happened?
how many divisions are required to verify the  integer 37, sorry the primality of 37?
what did the united states compile no enr compile in 2004?
, which railroad would you take if you were to take a train north, oh no wait, west or south out of the city of fresno?
what was the arpanet er bbn monopoly's reaction to roberts?
how are no what are those with lower incomes often unable to manage?
what did absolute ages have to be used actually tell me converted into?
when was no sorry what was the ratio of men to women at harvard/radcliffe?
what are the most no no what balancing factors do macrophages produce?
how many receptors on a helper t cell oops or what is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper t cell activation?
how many mongols no hmm soldiers were in each tumen?
which kind of populations can be wiped out temporarily by jellyfish or make that by shrimp?
which country or what ended french imperial ambitions?
what racial or uh instead what was fresno's population in 2010?
who lives with no make that how are incomes distributed in sweden?
civil disobedients or make that anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason?
how was no when was the ability to use fossils to date isotope formations developed?
where did vaudreuil no um johnson stop?
which types or no make that what types of organizations are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic immobility?
what is the dispensary filed no i meant subject to in a majority of countries?
what misconception no what takes no energy to pack them together?
does packet bandwidth or actually its uh switching charge a fee when no data is transferred?
what journal was the facts of tar no climate change published in?
what is warsaw's name in the warszawa no uh vrisovci language
who has no no what did al-gama'a al-islamiyya use to not get its way?
how were no how are most city officials elected after the indictment no in the 1960s?
roughly how many teams oops rather clubs are ran at the university?
how many academic units are played at the athletics facilities no no how many sports are played?
the harvard stadium built or actually is located where?
what action by christian bay defects justifying no um how does it helps a society tolerate civil disobedience?
how much did the ipcc third assessment report say sea levels will fall no i mean rise from 1990 to 2100?
what can orthogonal forces that are independent of each other because no make that be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other?
the arab world or no make that the brotherhood was the only opposition group in egypt able to do what during elections?
what experiences force no the acceleration when external force is applied to a system?
what have no make that why have private schools been in decline since 2014?
most aspects of the national lottery no no transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom?
imperialism often divides countries by using which state power or rather technique?
what are ctenophores considered to be descendants of no lagerstatten?
how old was pulaski when, i mean chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family?
where was er uh how fast do objects fall on earth?
where was the burial site located or rather the one used for testing?
what made i mean who had kublai wanted to succeed him?
who besides the british colonized asia no no africa rather?
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by peace no sorry by force?
what does being a conservative do to the seriousness of a protest no sorry tell me what is the main point of being a conservative and protesting?
where was the fln sorry flis formed?
what does less education lead to no change that to what do people with higher income have less access to?
who is iraq supporting no i mean what kind of groups has iran supported in iraq?
who is the second no wait third richest man in america?
what year was the referendum to establish a devolved scottish assembly or rather under the scotland act of 1988, what would be set up in edinburgh?
who is the developer of the bellow no the mckinsey concept?
who did northen or uh how many types of x.25 networks were there originally
what must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as breaking the law no sorry as civil disobedience?
what kind of movements no auricles do cilia have?
what was the percentage rather just the us population in 2010?
according to the pavlov hypothesis no no i meant the riemann hypothesis, all zeroes of the \u03b6-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s?
one country's distinction no authority over no others would constitute the original country as what?
when was the joint no actually in what year did 12 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change?
what no i meant to say where on earth was the standard universal force of gravity measured?
who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the group umm no rather the chamber?
what is unique about a plankton wait a hermaphrodite?
who can or instead what country has the most illiterate adults in the world?
who studies, scrap that, who applies expertise to relate the work and materials for a proper valuation?
what organization no what president of the university transformed it into a modern research university?
what elements or instead what rift system developed in the alpine orogeny?
what planet did newton's gravitational laws did not seem no make that astrophysicist predict to explain the problems with mercury?
what does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year no sorry what can the second minister deliver?
what are the three sectors of public works no no of construction rather?
what month or uh in what year did bankamericard change its name?
what company i mean car is licensed by the fso car factory and built in egypt?
since 2008 or no i mean 1978 how many courses have students in the ethical reasoning program needed to take?
what types or uh even in large firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be what?
what do voters reject in 1968, sorry, 1967?
what is the former name of the arthur m. sackler film err rather museum?
how many or rather who calibrated newer studies?
how or rather what didn't newton's mechanics affext?
how many direct uh i think their called uh general questions are available to opposition leaders?
what role was not respected during the nara no the asuka period?
what does direct rather indirect civil disobedience protest a law by doing?
when did no no what did the transportation law ban?
who experimented by rolling stones and objects no rather cannonballs down a steep incline?
how much sunlight hours no rain per year does fresno get on average?
what are ten of the sororities members no no just tell me what four of the fraternities form?
how did crustaceans accidentally get introduced into the two bodies of water, oh sorry i mean  fish larvae?
how does the or rather what does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine?
fresno is the capital of what county uh state?
who was defeated at sainte foy in quebec or wait just tell me who increased british military resources in colonies?
iqbal worried that india's mostly muslim no hindu population would do what to muslim heritage and culture?
in 1756, sory make that 1755, what fort did british capture?
what was the british or uh french military presence at end of war?
an important personal decision for civil disobedients includes what?
which kind of no sorry i mean what type of architecture is the palace of four windows an impressive example of?
what had the number of people living in warsaw no in all of poland declined to by 1945?
what kind of area do the genus beroe adults, no, sorry, juveniles live in that's different than their parents?
what meteorologist was also apart of the award winning no the university's faculty?
what can the or no rather how much can the sp alter income tax in scotland?
what profession was tadeusz lempicki or no rather nathan alterman?
what did plato's perspective on science combine no no what was plato's approach considered?
what men uh i meant term resulted from dioscorides' book?
in what year was mies van der rohe er instead owings contracted to develop a second master plan?
what sate are things inside of a traveling or uh better a moving vehicle as seen by a person inside the vehicle?
what percentage of global assets does the richest 1% of people have or wait tell me what has caused oxfam's findings to be trusted?
why is no where is bielany forest located?
who didn't led france no um new france reinforcements in 1756?
how did or first when did the rhine become borders with francia?
what is the major thoroughfares of sunnyside no two major?
where did or no make that what did lawrence roberts suggest the system be used for?
when does or rather what happens when a person's capabilities are lowered, as it relates on their income?
what subtle tool can not be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area no rather what subtle tool can be used in this regard?
what theory or rather who first showed that newton's theory of gravity was not as correct as another theory?
how do the fees, oh no sorry, what kind of academic results do schools that only accept black children produce?
what weapons were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1880 er 1879?
where did or first i want to know about maududi who was trained as a lawyer, but chose what religion for himself instead?
what year was casimir pulaski born in \u017belazowa wola uh shoot warsaw?
what has when there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what?
what do no online pharmacies allow or rather what practice do they all avoid?
which idea no the idea that islam can't be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?
what cells are used  to destroy abnormal cells ho no to multiply the abnormal cells?
where did the residents of antioch flee from no sorry flee to?
what does no no when wasn't a study conducted of swedish counties?
who discovered the pottery i mean what civilization did it belong to?
when are no sorry how are packets irregularly forwarded?
what is an sorry what forms of procurement happen within the construction industry?
packet switching speed is dedicated wait no determined by what factor?
what do beriods use to capture their prey no rather cydippids?
by the late 19th century, what country or no make that which country had the smallest empire ever to exist in the world?
what area in southwestern, uh no, northwestern canada has almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rock?
how many hours no pages was the kalven report statement?
whose former headquarters was the wse located in until 1991, uh i mean 2000?
what number of people that no scratch that how many of the richest 400 americans grew up in substantial privilege?
when do or rather how do competing businesses attract workers?
what contains a nearly verbatim of plenary meetings, or uh i mean parliamentary debates?
a large part of the flow is diverted off the island of lindau into where, oh off the mainau island?
how are forces described no wait how are laboratory measurements of forces determined?
what happens no what does the bolinopsis generally eat?
what alumni, oh um, who is the 12th prime minister of poland?
what enables no how does the scottish parliament scrutinize the people?
where in oops no i mean who was made governor of samarqand?
what origin is the no actually when did the name of the rhine come about?
how umm no rather when did hutton die?
what other role do many drug wait no pharmacists play?
why has harvard or no make that cambridge purchased land in allston?
tell me what causes the rock unit as a whole oy how does sediment make rock fall?
#value!
arpanet played a significant role in who oh i mean what?
what type or uh who are committees comprised of?
the repulsive no the abnormal force is responsible for the structural integrity of what?
when was what act that set out the parliament's powers um the old parliament of scotland convened?
who did no how many divisions of graduate research does the university of higher learning consist of?
what country has organized labor no no low income inequality and low presence of unions?
james hutton published his theories in what year no wait i mean his 2 volume version of his theories?
how many seats does the amphitheatre at san joaquin river parkway or uh woodward park have?
how many days did the u.s. forces participate in the warsaw pact no i meant in the cold war?
in what year did the tower theater reopen oh no no in what year did roger rocka's dinner theater & good company players open?
what prohibits nuclear forces no um atoms from passing through each other?
which population or uh sorry outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war?
who is the ipcc author that criticized the wgi summary in reference to the wgi report?
what happens when aboral pole no i meant bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together?
why or no no how are pharmacists never regulated?
in 1755 what fort did pennsylvania no i mean the british surrender?
what country er what do strong labor movement correlate with?
which type of rock cannot be crystallized, oh uh, re-melted?
what do, no wait, when will enhanced greenhouse effect reach alarming levels?
the south side of fresno no i meant the west side is the center of which ethnic community?
where is the highest point of no wait when the rhine emerges from lake constance which way does it flow?
what are both sustain growth wait no sorry branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz?
who was li tan's prince no kaidu's grandfather?
the mark of anarchy was written to promote what or rather protest against what?
how many years later was smith's uh forgive me i wanted to say maclure's memoir published after the map?
what will be efficient no um assured because of the political response to the linear model?
who was gegeen khan no no um ayurbarwada's son?
besides pierre de fermet i mean beibniz, what other mathematician provided the validity of euler's little theorem?
in what year did boleslaw become a capital, or actually the official capital of the masovian duchy?
what do ersatzschulen or no make that sonderungsverbot not have when trying to operate without regulation?
when did western groups, i meant governments support fledgling islamists?
how do or no uh make that what do global firms report on for the construction industry?
oedipus or rather antigone was a play made by whom?
which debate or rather what is held ever february at the university?
where is or no rather what is one of the largest music schools in europe?
what stature or i guess a better question is how were the men who did tasks like those of today's pharmacists viewed in japan in the asuka and nara periods?
what was or no make that who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 2?
what book was the indian involvement no iqbal's seven english lectures published as?
what does the mayor's council divide itself into or rather the mayor's council not the city council?
which kinds of pharmacy functions are not outsourced rather have never been?
when did kublai uh i think he's called buyantu stop testing potential government employees?
the university of economics was established where or wait what year?
what was the percentage of asians living in the city no sorry of black or african-americans?
what religion did the yuan encourage, to support catholicism uh no buddhism?
which or no make that what style were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in?
what category or uh denomination operates st joseph's college?
when did the four rightly guided caliphs die no the five no four?
what areas do ctenophore no no um copepods like to live?
question\tanswer what is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries?\tpharmacy legislation what responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to?\twithin the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications what do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more?\tautomation what are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with?\tpatients' prescriptions and patient safety issues ,\t, what does pharmacy legislation mandate?\tstorage conditions, compulsory texts, equipment, etc. what is the dispensary subject to in a minority of countries?\tno_answer what do legislation no um pharmacy technicians depend on less and less?
when, or actually tell me what gender is less willing to travel or relocate for work?
what name is used for the smaller streams along oh pardon larger streams farther to the north?
which were or no make that what were the reasons not to consolidate the government?
who ordered no what was the purpose of loudoun's troops at fort henry?
what was the building vacated thrice excuse me twice to allow for?
where is the elizabeth schlesinger library no the american library association located?
what did the rhine help to subside uh instead expand?
how was over-fishing no the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov?
where did er what interfered with kublai's third invasion of japan?
what did objects in forced motion contain according to the late medieval idea that influence galileo galilei, not actually, it was aristotle?
how many of jacksonville's city residents are over 18 no sorry how many are under 18?
in some countries over how many years no steps can it take to build on government land?
what is the first major bend in the center of basel no um rhine called?
which or make that what novel was written by legrande?
who passed out punishment, no sorry about that uh, educational leaflets in courtrooms during the vietnam war?
what is the number of no no wait how many access points are in a \"multiple access scheme\"?
what does high levels of lead time no inequality do to growth in rich countries?
albert einstein formulated what theory, or sorry, what law?
what is europe's smallest inland port no not that tell me what city has the largest inland port in europe?
what academy did tugh temur destroy or no i mean found?
who put no make that what put a hierarchical structure in place?
what army did poland rather warsaw successfully defend itself against?
where wasn't no how did peace start?
what missionary actions led to law in 1994 no 1996?
what is one umm paper no work by olivier messiaen?
when did i mean who threw gold into the rhine, according to legend?
a dollar spent by a poor person apologies rich person is likely to provide what for them?
what is not found in no no wait i mean juvenile and adult beroe lack what?
how do no actually i mean what do some people protest against?
when did tamara marry a poet oh i mean lawyer?
what is the largest medical school in poland uh no chopin?
what jewish  no who founded the ding dynasty?
what cancer researchers, uhh, wait no, what nobel prize researchers are former faculty members?
what is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences no let me rephrase by saying that civil disobedience can occur when people speak about a certain topic that is deemed as?
rudyard kipling was an influential spokesman for who or wait what?
what is one condition that an element r uh sorry p of $ must satisfy in order to be considered a multiplicative inverse?
what organization did harvard found in 1909 no rather 1900?
how must obligations no expectations be formed to keep costs down?
in what did the president re-emphasize athletics at the conference or wait university?
which or no uh make that what type of family sends their children to preschool?
the innate immune system responds in a generic way, meaning it is where or no make that what?
what do jellyfish oops sponges use their colloblasts to catch?
where do cnidarians er uh sorry ctenophora live?
when robert watson said that the mistakes were no who should be concerned with the trend to under state the effects of climate change?
what did er what type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords?
which famous poet wrote the poem the mark of anarchy no no not that which famous indian practiced civil disobedience?
zoning requirements, environmental impact, budgeting, and logistics are things who should manage or rather consider?
what did standard & poor concluded no recommend to slow economy recovery?
with which or no uh make that what body must a pharmacy technician register?
what is the only form potential energy can make that kinetic can change into?
who did the muslims send to bukhara as administrators no mongols?
what is the name  no in what year did china institute english-medium schools?
what is also called the equivalent no a nut force?
#value!
funding borders wait funding limitations allowed csnet to be what.
what type actually i mean what did conservative islam classify non-muslims who follow shia interpretation as?
what has increased salt uhh rather sediment and delta growth also produced in the rhine?
what or make that who paid for the university's first building structure?
which or no make that what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes?
when the equality of forces no let me say that when forces are from the presence of different objects, what law gives symmetry?
what type or like when many people are arrested, what is a common tactic negotiating?
what are two straightforward case of a probabilistic test sorry just one?
what did eastern roman empire think the plague was no sorry what did gasquet think it was?
rangi ruru girls' school is in what state no sorry city?
who refused, oh now, wait, um, what agreement did montcalm and indians have?
what theorem remains valid in unique arbitrary integers no in gaussian primes?
what changes statistical mechanics no macroscopic closed system energies?
what pathways umm i mean drugs help t cells respond to signals correctly?
who believed that opposition or no rather civil disobedience should only be used against governmental entities?
what was the black death known sorry originally blamed on?
who issued the royal proclamation of 1736 or i guess 1763?
what is the most amount or no distinctive feature of cnidarians?
how many species of cydippids uh rather cestida were found in 1985?
what wasn't the fort that was being destroyed no no i meant built to be named?
when is the receptor, oh wait actually, what cells help breed cells that are infected with viruses?
was the baran um no rand corporation prohibited from disclosing the research to anyone else except for the air force?
when did the academic department no the university start having a bachelor's degree program in cinema & media studies?
what type of assistance to out of town students facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies i mean the non-muslim brother is known for it?
when was warsaw ranked as the most liveable wait no 32nd most liveable city in the world?
what are uh what does factorization of prime ideals approximate?
since when was the rhine first discovered umm i mean part of the areal of hallstatt culture?
how many seats must a political party have functions effectively and has the staff, property and resources it requires to operate oy no to be represented on the parliamentary bureau?
what did not serve as a behavior no justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions?
what did telstra no austpac support?
the smaller streams are used for which or no make that for what?
what had the gaykhatu used to print its money before bronze plates, no sorry what did the yuan use?
who, sorry, what actually causes rigidity in matter?
why are cut or uh what are key beds younger than?
what was the, um let me actually ask, in what year was the satyagraha massacre?
what applications did how are austpac connections made
who held secular leanings no wrote a pamphlet outlining the non-radical ideas of the extremists?
when did germany i mean hitler in germany order the annihilation of the warsaw ghetto?
how many, or better yet, along with managing student laboratories, what else does the board of trustees do?
when was, no wait, tell me what alumni wrote \"the closing of the american mind\"?
why were northern oh no southern chinese ranked lower?
humans in moral justification for domination no in tropical environments were not considered what?
the u.s has what level of economic mobility in their economy compared to european countries?
who umm rather what weren't the casualties of battle?
a resolving or no make that vertical force pointing northeast can split into how many forces?
who described mongolica uh never mind kublai's china to asia?
what is the intergovernmental body under the control of the ipcc, sorry, the united states?
who invented the speed of light calculator no the first nuclear reactor?
nobody has generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose who or no make what?
what was causing quebec, scratch that, old france to have issues with resupplying?
what rule didn't some abenaki live under no native?
why did the demand for rentals i mean what do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality?
how do or rather what do zooplankton usually pray on?
what is st. mary's cathedral an example of, stylistically, no st. john's?
what kind of rhythm do the ciliary no i mean the statocysts have?
what provided an analysis no an incentive to western empires to colonize french no africa?
why did prussia have no wait gain the title of the \"phoenix counrty\"?
how quickly were students migrated, no sorry i actually mean, how quickly were christian academies supposed to be segregated?
what doesn't the capabilities approach look at poverty as a goal i mean form of?
when did gorska no tamera marry a composer?
what do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression or rather rational prime expression?
what was the no sorry what has recent testing of kuznets theory with superior data show it to be?
what is it called when the tax system no rate and base amount decrease simultaneously?
who never captured fort beausejour no sorry who did?
design or no make that construction involves the translation of what?
how where acutally what were x.25 and frame relay used for?
what responsibilities are patient erm pharmacists believed to be taking less of in the future?
who moved his court from warsaw to krakow in 1313 no rather 1596?
unsurprisingly, afghanistan no the mujahideen's victory against the soviets in the 1980s failed to produce what?
what is the name of one type of computing method that was the great internet mersenne prime search project i mean is used to find 100 million primes?
why was uh no when did polonia warsaw win the country's championship prior to 2000?
what was the mongol's empire no yuan's persian ally?
what changed the nieuwe waterway or uh the rhine's delta?
what is the report oh wait sorry  the newer, more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague?
what began to decline after world war ii i mean world war i?
the restriction modification system is used by multicomponent no the bacteria for protection from what pathogens?
what does a indisputably bad \\u2013 bridge collapse no a custom or expectation do to affect a building before its built?
who took the throne after the qipchaq uprising, oh sorry the kusala's uprising?
who created er what did planes and automobiles have to divide separately?
the loss of the snp or no make that of edinburgh pentlands really disappointed whom the most?
how many total volumes are in the harvard library system no sorry how many books are endorsed by the american library association?
the performative architecture 3d-printed building is scheduled to be built when by dutch architect janjaap ruijssenaars?
what impact does lower worker productivity oops sorry i mean higher productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners?
what two things can pharmacy informatics not bring together or let's go with the two things that it does bring together?
of warsaw's inhabitants in 1910 no wait 1901, what percentage was catholic?
how many items is the university library or no make that the zbigniew library home to?
what does rajan feel has no um hasn't created deep financial fault lines?
what motivation  no what type of impact does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth?
when was er better what political leaning does the cato institute not have?
the constituent objects only accelerate, oop, decelerate with respect to what?
what are euplokamis no sorry i mean colloblasts?
what is or uh what are the components of drug therapy?
what are examples of or uh what are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours?
in great britain or no make that in america what is the most revered skin color?
what decides no uh who decides if a law is moral?
what hurricane had less effect on st. augustine no jacksonville than other cities along the coast?
when is the oldest recorded incident of thoreau's disobedience no sorry not thoreau's disobedience but the oldest recorded incidents of civil disobedience?
how large is the longwood no the allston neighborhood in boston?
how is er what does the node read?
which cells mount fast sorry a weak response when a pathogen is detected multiple times?
in what year did harvard or sorry what school was walter camp a captain for the football team?
where do oh no wait how do physical experiments explain fluid inclusion data?
tension, compression, and drag are what kind of electrostatic no sorry, oh forces?
at what temperature do weak and radioactivity, uh electromagnetic forces, rather, appear the same?
what is a primary duty of the gphc no no a secondary duty rather?
what may a lattice no a force on one part of an object affect?
what did parker say about the plague in europe sorry i meant biraben?
how are er uh what is one method of achieving perspirational consumption?
by which academic no commission is the university of chicago press accredited?
what does a writer for the international crisis group maintains oh no term do islamists think should be applied to them?
what did student activists erect on harvard yard no kent-brown do to interrupt a speech by harvard?
where is the sonia shankman orthogenic school, no i'm sorry i mean the hyde park day school located?
what civil rights movement in ukraine or no in the us was known for its disobedience?
what do t cells modulate no no recognize before antigens have been processed?
how long er what was the civil war against ragibagh also called?
what were er imperialism is most often associated with which sovereignty?
which dynasties' histories were unofficially documented during rinchinbal reign, sorry that should be toghun's reign?
who defines or instead what conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance?
did donald davies or no make that paul baran develop distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal of monetizing it?
the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing so sorry what is ash layers can be used to determine in a crystal lattice?
which or no make that what museum preserves the memory of the crime?
what causes or rather what does motion along dike swarms maintain?
what does it mean for a marmot or sorry i was thinking disease to be enzootic?
what hasn't no what has replaced lower skilled workers in the united states?
what is the grand canal d'alsace no the bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace?
what is not possible to transfer to the gut of the infant i mean from one person to another artificially?
what dynasty um like what religion was shi tianze?
who did the lands belong to in china before the school compromise no i guess after the school compromise?
since thoreau was not a well known writer when was no wait what happened when he was arrested?
what is the natural dam that the chur or no make that the rhine flows through?
what social no rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality?
how much or rather how long does the process of manufacturing continue?
what does the name the rhine come from or rather tell me what is the french name for the rhine?
who is able to reserve oh um wait, no legislate on issues that are reserved to westminster?
what may be presented to the scottish government or i guess the parliament in various ways?
what does being conscientious toward the law lead to no no i rather know what a great amount of self-gratification undermine?
in government schools or no make that private schools what language are classes taught in?
what does the project sorry the owner produce to show how to attain the goals?
where is no in what body of water is the harvard - yale regatta held?
when no i mean who matters the most for economic growth?
what was the concept of flight no of force an integral part of?
what method models or uh studies the positions of glaciers and their subsurface?
when did paul-louis simond oops the black death spread into india?
what class of pathogens no t cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors?
what side of the mall oh instead street will the art pieces be on?
where did korea no when did li tan lead a revolt?
what is one of the most common work skils uh i mean the most common occupations in the world?
what is the name of an algebraic structure another general concept that applies to elements of general xy?
why no how many people would die of plague in largely populated cities?
who congratulated the conservatives or make that the snp while vowing to campaign against their referendum?
what is the name of the process err i mean property that designates a number as being efficient or not?
the college grants bachelor of science/arts degrees in 50 minors  more than one branch of studies no how many majors?
how much no tell me what is it estimated that about a third of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by?
the locations or wait committees in scottish parliament are weaker then in other systems why?
where is the neighborhood oh no the home of the sunnyside country club?
who came up with gravity or uh the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight?
what do the former council members no sorry the midlothian county buildings face?
which type no rather what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists not given in the u.s. federal health care system?
what immune no what is not needed for adaptive immune responses?
what responds in small numbers to common cells uh shoot er molecules produced by microbes?
during what time period in what sector are jobs beginning to decrease well no did income inequality increase in the united states?
where or no make that who first proved bertrands prime?
who is the prime minister no wait president of egypt?
what were the native inhabitants of australia called no scratch that what law justified british imperialism?
what did or actually who provided a discussion on the concept of time as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology?
what would happen if waste no would be lower if there were fewer people?
until 1987, what stance did the muslim brotherhood in palestine, sorry iraq take towards israel?
what is no what did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults?
what status has the egyptian no the um brotherhood obtained in the non-islamic world?
why did or actually i mean what did pharma not sell?
how much did the groton school charge per student for tuition in 2012 no no tell me how many applicants does this school receive each year?
how well did the tibetan emperors know chinese, sorry how well did the mongol know it?
with a donation in 1892 or uh sorry 1980, what person helped establish the school with a donation?
there are other categories for who or no rather for what?
what was the civil disobedience performed in tonopah, nevada no sorry at the test site not in tonopah?
what is the name of this area in which one plate covers no i guess subducts under another?
what type of primes or i mean zero distribution is characterized about x/log of numbers less than x?
who was the first warsaw mayor, oops, i mean president?
what type of water um no mountainous region is lake constance by?
what made um what natives were displaced by british takeover in florida?
during which period of time did the tower theatre close or rather re-open?
these five networks ugh computer sales and service centers are seen as what?
with common construction procurement, what does the subcontractor, sorry i mean, main contractor act as?
what force no i mean what seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force?
whose army liberated warsaw in 1806 no not warsaw but duchy?
who are likely engineers or uh participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project?
what is the origin wait sorry where does hamas originate?
when could or no actually how could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage?
where is the national philharmonic hall no the jazz jamboree hosted?
packet switching contrast with what other thought wait principal?
when do identical particles split into two different classes or rather what formation does it depend upon?
what commemorates old town's heroic history ahh sorry what monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii?
what impact did the large gap between no no the high school education movement have on the wages of unskilled workers?
what institute no wait college is jake rosenfield associated with?
in which or no make that what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time?
what percentage rather why are there more poor people in the united states and europe than china?
what way do some people perform civil disobedience i mean to say type of treatment do civil disobedients usually receive?
what is the higher salaries used for at military academies no tuition?
on what storehouses no sorry lake did troops attack fort william henry in winter?
what are the hairs on animals called or rather ctenophores not animals?
what was not considered an important element in great britain or no make that scottish national identity?
what was mohawk chief hendrick no um william johnson's sioux name?
when did the chinese epidemic begin no sorry the chinese famine rather?
when did actually how did saint-pierre respond to washington?
by the late 19th century what or no make that which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world?
what is the collection umm rather size of the lamont library that gives it a unique distinction?
what act er uh which job requires that member be under 18?
what ideas motivated eliot uh channing to remove christianity as dominant in college curriculum?
how many kinds no no types of cnidarians have been discovered worldwide?
what are harvard's budget no pell grant reserves?
what caused the us public to condemn the occupation of central america or make that of the phillippines?
when did the plague come to europe no who introduced it to europe?
how did the or no make that when did the undergraduate program become coeducational?
what  is inequality a reflection of i meant to say impacts distribution of wealth when not evaluating labor?
what date did harvard win an intercolleiate sailing association national championship?
what don't david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for unemployment no, rather a living?
what percent actually how many people died in the outbreak of 1471?
how does no who decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates?
which are or no make that what are boarding schools that teach english called?
what's one of oops i mean what year did robert j. shiller lose an economics nobel prize?
the university or rather the college grants bachelor of science/art degrees in 28 majors and how many minors?
where does the river, no the lek separate?
where did xiangyang sorry, kublai tear down his administration's strength?
where was the famous artist maria g\\u00f3rska no tamara de maria born?
when was the ability to use rock unit or no make that radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed?
how does or actually what does the beroe do when pursuing prey?
a static equilibrium between two no three sources is a way of doing what?
when did li tan install the hostage no no when did he reject a revolt?
where was no no um what was there a significant minority of in world war ii?
how long after a banquet with yes\u00fcn tem\u00fcr no no um tugh temur did kusala have a child?
