what do unstable isotope studies indicate?
what is the basic unit of territorial division in warsaw?
which genus lack tentacles and sheaths?
long-lived memory cells can remember previous encounters with what?
what led to newcastle's rise to power as military advisor?
how long did julia butterfly hill live near a nuclear-missile installation?
when was warsaw ranked as the 22nd most liveable city in the world?
what is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
which group sets the time agenda?
when three forces act on a point particle, what happens?
what profession does zbigniew marek have?
what type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to?
what type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology?
what does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain?
what percentage of venice residents died of the plague in 1361?
what is the effect of beta decay?
what kind of organs do some sponges have?
 how did the party overthrow the elected government in 1929?
in what year did fresno get its first pedestrian mall?
who were the main detractors of the humoral theory of immunity?
what is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not?
what is another function that primes have that the number 15 does not?
why do oceanic plates and mantle convection currents move in opposite directions?
below what levels were the projected sea levels in the 2001 ipcc projection?
who disagrees with the timetable of business in the chamber?
which building was vacated three times to allow for the meeting of the church's general assembly?
what career does joseph stiglitz have?
what is another name for state route 168?
what was written by ghandi in 1819?
who deployed its army into iraq in 1979?
innate cells can act as mediators in the activation of what branch of the immune system?
what publication printed that the wealthiest 1% have more money than those in the bottom 99%?
what is the name of the park in atascadero?
when was the masovian duchy reincorporated into the polish crown?
in what decade did the u of c affiliate with numerous national colleges?
what portion of households in jacksonville have only one person?
how much do estimations of the population during the plague vary?
there's a rough border between switzerland and what other country formed by the rhine?
what is not a form of immunological memory?
in what month in 1349 did the second wave of the plague reach england?
what increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level?
 what chinese system did kublai's government not compromise with?
how many avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas?
what question has not led to criticism?
what is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings?
what probiotic flora is found in unpasteurized yogurt?
what is circuit switching? 
when did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of poland?
what is the rarest cause of poor immune function in developing countries?
what does poor academic achievement lead to according to critics?
what castle currently houses the centre for ujazdow art?
what did the 2007 ipcc report suggest had been decreasing? 
did davies and baran collaborate at any point after they both developed this concept?
what is another type of public key cryptography algorithm?
what state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding religious schools?
what did neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from?
the second minister, scottish cabinet ministers and whom sit in the front row in the debating chamber?
why is the holocene not shown clearly on the first timeline?
what tool do they use in public school to maintain discipline?
what did the ongoing alpine orogeny cause before the eocene?
in 2009 what was the total of grants awarded from harvard?
what has it now become possible to do when dating isotopes while using fossils?
why aren't the examples of bouregois architecture visible today?
global internet was help funded by what foundation? 
what comedian is also a university graduate? 
public and private funding led to what development? 
how did the black death make it to the mediterranean and europe?
which university's library system has over 10 millionvolumes?
what is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is processed in to peptides?
what does rebellion require in christian bay's encyclopedia?
what type of network does sita hln not use?
what gets smaller when a number is prime?
after which decade did modern styles give way to gothic styles on campus?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization goldbach's conjecture has inspired?
how did the rhine extend watershed southward? 
what system gives an organism long lasting immunity against a pathogen?
what year did hoesung lee become president?
what was intent of celeron's expedition?
what happens when tyrosinase is expressed at low levels?
what do partnering and construction management emphasize for the design-build process?
what is the main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedients?
what are the first buildings the university built knows as today?
what debate lasts for 55 minutes?
what is the group called that does not agree with government at all?
brownlee argues disobedience can be justified toward what institutions?
building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in what amount of time?
the rhine forms the border between austria and what other country? 
what provides chemical protection to pathogens?
when was zia-ul-haq born?
which timeline is further expanded in the fourth scale?
what network was designed by the french 
how much bandwidth is dedicated for each communication session?
when was the gerald ratner athletics center constructed?
what decreases with the increase of income inequality?
who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 1
imperialism is confused with what other term?
what animal sometimes swims in the rhine?
which organization covers the cost of the president of the ipcc?
secular arab nationalism was blamed for both the success of arab troops as well as what type of stagnation?
when did the roman empire fall?
what type of math was not advanced during the yuan?
how many years could separate outbreaks of the black death?
what the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes poorer?
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1775?
 what declined when arab nationalism suffered?
what techniques did chinese medicine include?
what mechanisms do many species not utilize?
what is the most distinctive feature of ctenophora?
when did the jin dynasty begin?
what does the wg i summary for policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases?
 where did charles de gaulle and the free english run operations during world war 2?
what kind of focus has the ethical reasoning program had since 2007?
what foreign bodies, which are older than the rocks themselves, occur igneous rocks?
what kind of measurements define accelerlations?
which two codes were the roles of pharmacists destroyed?
how many more flows carry insignificant amounts of water?
what members typically open debates?
why is there not a push for the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs?
when did england formally end war on france?
what is the french name for the rhine? 
what is malum in se considerations?
what are the over 118 clubs run by students at the u of c called collectively?
what fields have lost influence over pharmacy in the united states?
what is the maximum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine?
what is the confusion of the french and indian war?
where does the jelly-like layer come from in complex animals?
what do public schools operate outside of in germany?
what do mesoglea adapt to when relying on brackish water?
what cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells?
what are analog models often considered as compared to orogenic wedges?
what does ctenophore mean in greek?
when was the divestment from south africa movement? 
whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet?
28' is the minimum size of what?
what patrols the body looking for phagocytes?
who lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century?
what types of medications do specialty pharmacies stock?
what relationship do finance initiatives involve?
what is the name of the american writer and satirist who is also a university alumni?
who does sophocles defy?
what fluids are enzymes not found in?
most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?
what issues were not addressed in the treaty of aix-la-chapelle?
there were many mongols with what expected status?
what does a car have besides a commune?
what, rather than islamism, requires explanation?
how long was it clear how nk cells recognized tumors?
what continues until the building is well established and recognized?
how did natives in logstown take celeron's information?
why do firms substitute equipment for workers?
what do isolated, spaced out graves of plague victims indicate?
when did wei yilin die?
public bill committees have been set up to do what?
what were the two main theories of immunity at the end of the 19th century?
jellyfish and sea anemones belong to which group/
what stature did pharmacists have in the pre-heian imperial court?
when less workers are required, what happens to the job market?
what secretes pathogens that enhance the host's immune response?
what is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty?
what occurs when electron clouds overlap from different atoms?
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th century?
where do platycenida live?
what issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement.
who had no real military power during the yuan?
what might the fees to attend an irish boarding school rise to?
what is another way to state the condition that infinitely many rows can exist only if a and q are coprime?
how do centripetal forces act in relation to vectors of velocity?
what did the aser report show about how people feel about private schools?
what does pleurobrachia incorporate into their own tentacles?
the brotherhood was the only opposition group outside of egypt able to do what during elections?
what is the main component of the aboral organ?
how much funding did the rand corporation receive?
what park is close to vistula street?
how long after a banquet with tugh temur did kusala die?
which languages rejected the phags-pa script?
what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added?
who didn't abercrombie replace as commander in chief?
cristian bay's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include what behavior?
what area is the tower district similar to in architecture?
what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the home army fighters in 1944?
which theorem can be simplified to the lasker–noether theorem?
how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have?
 where did france lose a war in the 1940's?
what time do the msps normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day?
what kind of barrier does not protect organisms from infection?
what are some small pharmacy management companies?
when was al-nimeiry overthrown?
who ordered the stern review?
 in which century do most consider the beginning of imperialism?
what building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture?
sponges have three main cell layers and no what?
what is the name of another type of test where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?
large public works, dams, bridges, highways, water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector?
what cells are the second arm of the innate immune system?
what year was st. elizabeth born?
what difficulties was shirly having?
when will an object move because the applied force is opposed by static friction?
cilia can g ow up too what length?
if parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill, what does it then proceed to?
who's services do construction services integrate through design and construction?
during what period was the tethys floor discovered?
how many bits are typically used in the key exchange logarithms for for the diffie-hellman key exchange?
what kind of disorders are the result of an overactive immune response?
presidents in the governing party introduce what laws?
who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the u.s.?
what sea have copepods accidentially been released into?
during what years was the model united nations team ranked first in south america?
what area remained uninhabited for thousands of years? 
what is heralded by the sounding of the deciding bell?
europe first colonized the americas, then asia, but what continent was third?
what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012?
what book of the bible is knowledge of the law traced back to?
who was shi tianze's father?
in what year did robert harper become the first president of the university?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in cinema & media studies?
in addition to endowments and tuition, how do boarding schools cover their operating costs?
 who was shi tianze's uncle?
what is an example of a peer-reviewed resource?
how many intercollegiate sports does harvard compete in ncaa division i
in the fall quarter of 2014, how many students signed up for the university's professional schools?
what kind of cell is not an innate leukocyte?
theories on imperialism don't use which country as a model?
who came up with the theory of relativity?
what is the strongest main interaction?
who rejected an index of health and social problems?
which organizations delegates has a disagreement with the spm?
what did the velvet revolution hope to accomplish in india?
what increases rapidly as per capita income increases?
who runs the unep council?
what is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions?
what is the name of an integer in which addition, subtraction, and multiplication are defined?
how many rooms does the katyn historical museum have?
 what was tugh's japanese-style name?
what enzyme is not an antibacterial?
what is the virus in humans that causes cervical cancer?
the strong force is due to the exchange of what?
which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire?
 germany doesn't have an imperialistic future until when?
in what century was south africa established as a country?
in what two age groups is the strength of the immune system reduced?
what was shrewsbury's conclusion?
excessive bureaucratic red tape is one of the reasons for what type of ownership?
previous to isotopic dating sections of rocks had to be dated using fossils and stratigraphic correlation relative to what? 
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5,7, or 8, how many primes would be in a progression?
what percentage of filipino primary school students are in private schools?
where did halford mackinder work?
what does pumping in regular seawater do to  its bulk?
what is pedanius dioscorides not known for?
newton was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling what?
what was a major failure, especially in the building of warsaw?
in what century was quantum mechanics made? 
what is the conventional method to measure the rhine? 
when was dali conquered by the yuan?
what is one function that prime numbers have that 15 does not?
who didn't dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory?
what arose in the latest vertebrates?
when did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur?
how does inequality prevent growth?
 what was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the warm war?
what does the lek change its name to?
who did internet2 partner with 
what religion did the yuan discourage, to support buddhism?
what does optical microscopy identify about individual locations?
how many years have imperialistic practices existed?
other than the steamboat, what modern form of travel brought visitors to florida?
which part of china had people ranked lower in the class system?
what is the japanese name for the yuan dynasty?
in order to be considered in the top percentile, a person would need to amass how much money each year?
the black plague ravaged europe for three years followed by what country?
who is miasta has the power of legislative action?
which park hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the west coast?
where are specialized cells not located?
for how many years had temperatures been studied in the 2001 report?
starting in what year has harvard topped the academic rankings of world universities?
what year was the university of warsaw established?
what led to newcastle's fall from power as military advisor?
what percentage of german students attended private schools in 2008?
what does heavy and civil engineering construction not do when managing projects?
what does packet switching pre-allocate?
whwn forces are at right ngles to each other what can they be broken down to?
after the peterloo massacre what poet wrote the massacre of anarchy?
what elements from the rift system in the alpine orogeny in southwest germany?
in what century did the amount of forests on the flood plain increase?
how many classes of immune hypersensitivity are there?
who did duke yansheng kong duanyou flee with?
what suite uses udp?
who normally manages a construction job?
what was kublai khan's relation to ogedei khan?
what nationality is hoesung lee?
what behaviour causes rocks deeper in the earth to fault instead of folding?
what religion's schools were integrated into new zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984?
what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its direction?
who did the han chinese want to help the mongols fight?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the east by?
what commemorates warsaw's heroic history?
what do lobates feed on?
when did england formally declare war on france?
 when was al-banna born?
 when did french republicans back building the english empire?
can a packet be sent empty?  if so, is it billable?
what is the length of hoek van holland conventionally measured in?
public bills normally refer to large-scale what?
what do exemptions come from that prevent bad things?
what do the waal and the nederrijn-lek discharge throguh?
in what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced iinternal forces?
in what year did henry ware die?
what year did jacksonville consolidate with davis county?
who led new france reinforcements in 1756?
what was causing new france to have issues with resupplying?
what is one of the largest music schools in krakow?
what percentage of filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools?
x.25 and x.121 allowed what to happen?
who along with russia supported post ww-ii communist movements?
how was the event covered when jews were arrested by tax collectors?
who is the vice-chair of the ipcc?
what happens to the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia?
what water has cold green waters?
the australian tax office used austpac for what reason? 
what characteristics did the common ancestor of lagerstatten have?
when did the philippines start teaching english at the primary level in public school?
what does autumn host many of?
how much resources weren't french placing in north america?
 what wasn't germany's central interest?
what isn't the confusion of the french and indian war?
when was iqbal elected president of the muslim league?
when did the so called gentlemen's agreement between sadat and the islamists break down?
building construction is usually further divided into what categories?
the scotland act 2002 extends the devolved what?
of what form do fermat numbers take?
what is the most common cause of injury on site?
how are the certain costs which are easy to avoid shared?
what percentage of children educated in scotland are at independent schools?
where had the mongol capital been before kublai moved it?
where are photons the fundamental exchange photon?
 what illegitimate dynasty came after the yuan?
how did chinese medicine spread?
whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics damage?
how was the civil disobedience shown in antigone?
what is the process by which the immune system identifies tumors called?
what the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes richer?
what is the largest city directly linked to an interstate?
what is the average discharge of the moselle to the rhine?
in south africa, along with privately governed schools, what schools are classified as independent?
what was presented to the scottish parliament by the queen in 1989?
who proposes the date of the poll not be varied?
can the node ever acquire the wrong connection id?
which theory suggested people in the tropics were civilized?
how many chapters have coordinating lead authors?
who benefited from csnet?
where did two of oppman's daughters set out on a journey through?
some theories argue that civil disobedience is justified in regard to?
which american did not show changed the views of romanians during the cold war?
persistent unemployment has what effect on long-term economic growth?
there are direct contractual links between who?
where is ekstraklasa's home venue located?
which ipcc sessions are open to everyone?
in what city or the arabs the twelve largest ethnic group?
 which leaders did the islamic extremists not attack?
how many rows of combs are there?
when was the fis founded?
what is the name of another type of modern algorithm test?
who is to blame for acting unjustly?
what army did germany successfully defend itself against?
the west saw themselves as what compared to the east?
the presence or absence of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found? 
whose puppet did islamists accuse the saudi regime of being?
such protests are usually considered to be what type?
if the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court what terminology could be used?
how many of the pitt's planned expeditions weren't successful?
when had the brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals?
a balance force accelerates what?
in what country is hamburg?
are the sizes of packets variable?  
how significant was the transfer of disease through fleas?
what effect did the plague have on the middle east?
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience?
who chartered the british east india company?
what has the presence of hox genes been the focus of for many years?
who was one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience against?
what did george carlin send to the city council in new hampshire?
how are packets delivered differently?
how does ht strive to give up power?
when was the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation (srren) issued?
who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority?
who was the leader of russia in the 1960's?
when was the tower theater closed?
what did warsz own?
to whom did william maclure submit the map?
in what year was the south african schools act passed?
what was maria curie the first female recipient of?
during what age was jacksonville no longer a popular destination for the rich?
what tends to lead to less money?
name one way the plowshares organization temporarily close gcsb waihopai?
what is the legal boundary behind the high and upper rind?
which organization faithfully summaarized the wgi report?
what makes the method of primality more efficient?
when did the yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money?
what did the kyoto protocol try to address?
where did french fur trappers travel?
what country has low income inequality and high presence of unions?
how can any knot be a field of f?
what is the longest river in germany?
 what was the yuan's persian enemy?
what does ctenophora use for digestion and respiration?
how often do plankton need to feed?
who led the attack of the french colony in 1565?
herodotus traveled between what boundary?
who led new france reinforcements in 1765?
evolution of what part of the immune system occurred in the evolutionary ancestor of jawed vertebrates?
what museum specializes in cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere?
what public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience?
how much of the european population did the black death kill?
what attracts a matching helper b cell?
what did the number of legions in roman times depend on?
what work was completed at dartmouth? 
 why did kublai's successors win control of the rest of the mongol empire?
what does the nederrijn change it's name to?
what do some believe the treaty of versailles assisted in?
what is a parasite that always uses the same surface protein?
what allows ions, water and toxins to exit the target cell's membrane?
when was james hutton born?
what was the yuan's unofficial state religion?
what development has the university of biological physics played a lead role in?
what is very important for the growth of the economy?
where do two thirds of the rhine flow inside of germany?
in cases with shared medium how is it delivered 
what function is related to basel numbers?
when was the british nationality act passed?
what guidelines are used for ipcc reviews?
what year was the typographical error first corrected?
 colonialism never means a country doing what?
what did article 12 of the allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from?
when was isiah bowman appointed to president wilson's inquiry?
who matters the least for economic growth?
who developed the lithium-ion battery?
in modern times, what is said about civil disobedience?
how big can ctenophora grow?
what exists between fundamentalist islamism and non-reformist islamism?
by what means is imperialism usually administered?
what happens to the gravel found in xenoliths?
what is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties?
the second buildings of the u of c are known as what?
the north saw the south as what?
what kingdom annexed warsaw in 1796?
about how much did a new york city day school cost annually in 2012?
 who didn't use imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire?
what is the metric term less used than the newton?
by what method did maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals?
what do anarchists feel they must accept as a consequence of their actions in breaking the law?
what did basset analyze before coming to his conclusions?
 who wrote that imperialism is the lowest stage of capitalism?
what do conquering people pass down to native populations?
what kind of unit tends to change its volume?
what political group begin to lose support following the corruption scandals?
what did the salafi movement put emphasis on?
who's presence is likely in the initial bid?
what is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines?
what are established at the end of each parliamentary session?
what do clinical pharmacists often participate in?
what does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages?
how many layers of protection are provided by the father?
what is the largest eon?
what plans of the british didn't this attach on oneida carry set back?
in which direction does the west side of fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway?
what does the islamic state lack from the international community?
what was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army?
what is one type of private key cryptography algorithm?
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was arrested?
what are mps unable to vote upon?
pulling on an object on a frictional surface can result in what?
political disadvantage is an attribute of which state policies?
informal imperialism is still dominant; however, less what?
who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity?
prior to the arrival of the french, the area now known as jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people?
what dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the yuan?
in what country does the danube empty?
which fresno district is the center for the lgbt community?
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5, 7, or 8, how many wraps would be in a progression?
the word imperialism has it's origins in which modern language?
who created an index of health and social problems?
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have started what system?
what city later became beijing?
what can not be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system?
what governor in charge of new france died in 1752?
what interfered with kublai's second invasion of japan?
what is included with each packet label
besides confucianism, buddhism, and islam, what religions were tolerated during the yuan?
which set of countries have lower economic mobility than the united states?
what is one way the current ipcc responds to new evidence quickly?
in what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type?
what properties are there in crystals?
tumors that are able to evade the body's immune response can become what?
what must a project adhere to?
what year was fort san mateo reconstructed?
in what century was apartheid abolished?
what prompted shen kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains?
what is the name of one type of prime where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?
what did abu al-rayhan al-biruni base his writings on?
when did mongke khan die?
how many subtypes of b cells exist?
which area of china did japan conquer in 1931?
what did william smith do in the us?
which historian was popular in the 21st century? 
what type of entrepreneurship leads to a regression in technology?
what type of assistance to out of town students is the muslim brotherhood known for?
where is a palm house with tropic plants from all over the world on display?
the bill is submitted to whom before it is passed?
what is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014?
who suggested that imperialism was the "highest" form of capitalism?
what increases or decreases in response to applied friction?
what is a quarter of unesco filled with?
what three construction subsectors are firms managing construction projects divided into?
 what form of songwriting was developed in the yuan?
how long was warsaw occupied by germany?
what pop was a native of germany?
how many miles east of berlin is vistula?
what was one of the allies of russia in the great northern war?
what must local regulations conform to?
 what position in the government was robert gates fired from?
did the plague spread in scandinavia or germany first?
what percentage of students enroll in public primary school in the philippines?
it was outlined that who's donations could only be used for buildings?
can a packet be sent incomplete?
in what year was the great internet mersenne prime search project conducted?
what do common elements often act as?
the curved line path in space-time is seen as a what line in space?
what are the siouan-speaking tribes?
what is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law?
how wide is the rhine?
where did kublai extend the grand canal to?
when was michigan network inc. formed by michigan's public universities?
what year did consolidation cause jacksonville to become part of duval county?
what chemical keeps immune cells away from the site of infection?
which is older the british empire or the ethiopian empire?
what does the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from?
barro found there is much relation between income inequality and rates of what?
what causes elevated vitamin d levels in the elderly?
where do pharmacists not go following pharmacy school?
what are the secretions commonly called?
where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water?
what have many ht members graduated to joining?
what is the name of the river that is completely contained inside jacksonville?
who said that climate change has been overstated?
western governments considered islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom?
what geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force?
who thought that the yuan's social class system should be called social classes?
who does edward said say is being attacked by us imperialism?
what did the the europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of?
what type of schools would they have in china as a compromise after chinese independence?
what does the currently flooded ditch still have visible?
who did internet2 partner with to boost their capacity from 100 gbit/s to 1000 gbit/s?
what was the pinedale assembly center?
over how many studies have shown that violence is less common in societies with income differences?
what is  another term used for science lab?
what troops defended fort william henry in early 1757?
what are some disadvantages of hospital pharmacies?
how is packet switching characterized 
purpose of telnet 
what is the "hand shake" between communication parties?
which organization only has the responsibility for writing climate assessment reports?
what must be announced publicly so you can still find a lawyer to represent you?
why did toghun temur dismiss toghtogha?
who is the governor of india's central bank?
what is the rhine gorge known for?
what was the fresno fairgrounds used as?
what are three kinds of phagocytes?
construction of what led residents to move from the suburbs?
what is a hormone that does not effect the immune system?
which us president visited jacksonville in 1888?
what is the principle about relating spin and space variables?
along with 15 sororities, how many fraternities does the u of c have?
what is the oldest known rock in the world?
when is the latest britain had an imperialist policy?
when using a probalistic primality, how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically?
why should disobedience by the general public be avoided?
how many sports does yale compete  in in the ncaa division i ivy league?
how much food does a ctenophora eat in a day?
this type of system is known as 
what is a lower rate of social goods an effect of?
what was the total nominal gdp of srodmiescie in 2010?
who lives longer on average than greeks and new zealanders?
how do cestids swim?
what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner is also a university alumni member?
what type of ballot is used to elect the presiding officer and deputies of the parliament?
what was formed after the undeformed units were deposited?
during what period did radcliffe become prominent as a university?
how is packet switching allocated? 
what was berlin's population in 1901?
who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked?
what are some other factors a pharmacist must monitor?
after 1935, who would be forbidden to enter rhineland?
why might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions?
how much british military was in north america at start of war?
what triggers a slow killing response?
chestnut avenue goes through what?
what was the independent work of donald davis?
what haven't studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming?
when was it discovered that prime numbers could be applied to the creation of public key military algorithms?
what led to newcastle's fall from power as political advisor?
who may members direct questions towards during general question time?
 when had the eight ministries existed?
barro found there is little relation between income inequality and rates of what?
what are some other factors a pharmacist can't monitor?
what flood impacted the meuse?
who provides the bill of quantities?
what did the german citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii's words to be?
where was there a weakness in british supply chain?
what type of motivators aren't food and shelter considered?
inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation?
when was the french and indian treaty?
survivial is at the heart of what concept for workers?
what battle outside quebec city did british lose in 1706?
what equipment is used to identify individual crystals?
what did roger rocka's dinner theater & good company players show?
who was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences?
what is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces?
what happened as a result of the russo-japanese war?
developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval islam?
what is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
the assembly center was used to take what kind of photographs?
what are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena?
what two things can pharmacy informatics not bring together?
how high is the highest point in berlin?
what was the name of the first building built on campus grounds?
what land was ceded to spain?
what remained an important issue in scottish national identity for many years?
what is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another?
what is a science that examines the structure and function of the brain?
what do anarchists accept about the role of government?
what was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on?
who did a morphologically analysis in 1985 that concluded cydippids are not monophyletic?
which gender is more populous across all groups in jacksonville?
what does black's law dictionary say that rebellion doesn't have to be?
what order did british make of french?
where can lower rocks of the grand canyon be seen?
 what academy did tugh temur destroy?
how are the rates of social goods in countries with higher inequality?
for how long did the plague stick around?
in what month was drancourt and raoult's research published in 1998?
the connection between energy and what allows for a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge?
who had a main goal of attracting the wealthy to harvard?
what leads to lower income inequality?
who do the contributing authors report to?
in the philippines, what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools?
who passed the scotland act of 1988?
what british prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member?
what did decnet phase 2 become 
what tax rate has an indirect relationship with income inequality?
what has presented problems to the un economy more than other nations?
what are the tentacles lined with?
appletalk was developed in 1995 for who?
in what year did pierre de fermat declare fermat's little theorem?
where do juvenile platyctenids live?
which campus hosts graduate only student programs and is located on the banks of the seine?
who governs the university of zimmer?
how is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined?
ciliary rosettes pump water into what to control buoyancy?
what is another piece created by neumes?
what tribes weren't in father le loutre's war?
how much of the ipcc attendees are government representatives?
what is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation?
what makes the tentilla of euplokamis different from other cysippids?
what did bedau live in to prevent it from being cut down?
what compounds in the stomach protect against ingested pathogens?
why was lake tuggenersee regulated?
which officer represents the scottish police force at home and abroad?
what dynasty came after the yuan?
when did a plague-ridden ship land in norway?
what is the slowest growing area in the pharmaceutical industry?
when was al-banna assassinated?
how many primes were included in derrick norman lehmer's list of prime numbers?
of what form are rational gaussians?
where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin?
what happened when public high schools gained accreditation?
what chinese system did kublai's government compromise with?
what is the name of world renowned cellist is a former harvard student?
which city is planned to be a part of the california high speed rail?
what is the grand canyon not an example of?
what do only white children have to pay when they go to school?
what was developed for the air force 
what battle outside quebec city did british lose in 1760?
what are two ways that mud doesn't change in volume?
how weren't the mongol garrison families earning money?
what is warsaw's name in the polish language?
the referendum to establish a devolved scottish assembly succeeded in what year?
in what year did medical knowledge begin to stagnate during the middle ages?
when did economists reach a conclusion with the s&p's rating agency?
what campaigh did the scottish national party (snp) run?
what does digging a foundation prevent damage to?
what produces a lot of sedimentation that flows into the surrounding rivers?
what player first won the heisman trophy for the university?
what do progressive moderates of islam seek to separate?
what is attributed to the income inequality in the united nations?
what modern city did khanbaliq become?
which country was the last to receive the disease?
humans in tropical environments were considered what?
what can and old, ill man do?
in what year did south african vice consul duke kent-brown take office?
how many bits are often in the primes used for rsa public key cryptography algorithms?
who's office did students occupy in a protest over rental policies in 1965?
what are the agents the immune system detects known as?
what two honors were given out more frequently in 2005?
if packet sizes are variable, then are they always charged at the same rate per packet?
according to oxfam, the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people?
what has been held since 1987, taking over the campus for 7-10 days with exhibitions?
how many of the scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum?
what is the upati garden in polish?
until the work of galileo, what was not identified as a universal force?
what happened to the building on george iv bridge when the parliament was done with it?
what is an example of illegal disobedience?
who invited washington to dine with him?
what skin-related symptom appears from the pneumonic plague?
what committee corresponds with one or more departments in the spanish government?
who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab? 
what is the name of the delta in the netherlands? 
what does matter actually have that newtonian mechanics doesn't address?
what fortification was build in the 18th century after the defeat of the november uprising?
in what country is constantinople?
what concepts influenced the later arpanet?
why was ekstrakiasa relegated from the country's top flight in 2013?
in which etude of neumes rythmiques do the primes 41, 43, 47 and 53 appear in?
what was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the six-day war?
who discussed twigg's study in 2002?
why are cut rocks on top of a fault younger than the fault?
was the plan formalized?
how often are elections for the counsel held?
what is the kilogram-force sometimes reffered to as?
what will cause the lake near the rhine to silt up?
what was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe?
who went to fort dusquesne in june 1755?
what conviction did many poles have regarding how the varsovians thought of themselves?
who is the founder of modern community organizing?
what lens is used to identify chemical composition?
maududi was trained as a lawyer, but chose what professional for himself instead?
where do predators spend the majority of their lives?
what activity maintains topographic gradients?
what do scientists use to determine the process of river movement?
where does the name rhine derive from? 
what is the highest point of the rhine basin called?
what building was demolished in 2014?
what describes when a builder doesn't ask for adequate safeguards?
who allegedly coined the name black death?
what can not be mostly predicted beforehand?
 what religion did the english spread along with their imperialism?
 which area of china did japan conquer in 1935?
what government agency supervised buddhist monks?
 what policy took away britain dominance in world trade?
what type of architecture is the palace of bank an impressive example of?
what is another word for centripetal force?
cydippids combs are controlled by what?
what way do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way?
who did not assert russia's right to "self-determination?"
what protein does not effect t-cell differentiation? 
what type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface?
what doesn't it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve?
secular arab nationalism was blamed for both the defeat of arab troops as well as what type of stagnation?
who was the main detractor of the cellular theory of immunity?
who besides the russians are often left out of the colonialism debat?
what does the ujazdow national gallery of art organize exhibitions of art from?
whose mechanics affected three dimensional objects?
why was the rhine measurement changed? 
after 2007 how much do student from families earning less than $60,000 pay for school?
when did zhu shijie die?
is there a situation where the destination can't be discovered?
what brought warsaw's stock exchange to a stop?
the sieve of eratosthenes would not be valid if what were true?
what was introduces into the black sea?
what is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine?
during which decade did the university experience student rest?
what do conservative researchers fell should be a measure of inequality?
what other scientist influence frank burnet when he was formulating his theory of immunity?
how are the packets routed 
 where did kublai refuse to move the mongol capital to?
constitutional impasse is different from civil disobedience because does not include what type of person?
who suggested that the investigation was legitimate?
what type of role that islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept?
what is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed?
in which area was the 1995 report based?
what is the canal in wesel? 
what physical quantities do not have direction?
how much did the milton friedman institute roughly cost?
what is the most rainfall recorded in a 24 hour period in fresno?
which phylum is more complex than sponges?
who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history?
when didn't washington reach fort le boeuf?
what is the famous rock near sanke goarshausen?
why did pedro menendez de aviles called the st. john river the river of may?
what lake contains part of the rhine falls?
what is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as?
ctenophores, cnidarians and what other group are labelled diploblastic?
what types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the earth?
what is one uncertainty about the theory of evolution that makes it complex?
what distinguishes sponges from all other animals?
what type of income is the vast majority of the population not dependent on?
civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what?
who operated the vbsn network 
what do drill cores show about water location?
where was the location of the 2003 rose revolution?
how could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an decrease of environmental damage?
how many drugs approved by the fda in 2011 were specialty drugs?
how many days in august are below freezing?
what is the vast disparities in wealth not attributed to by socialists?
what conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid?
the rhine and what other river were accepted as the germanic frontier?
to what may general global fields be transferred to or from?
what happens to plankton when they mature?
who has the ability to alter income tax in scotland by up to 33 pence?
why the narrow part of st. john's river called cowford?
where did fresno residents move to during the flooding?
why are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter?
what is almost identical across all nations and jurisdictions?
what was datanet 1 
ideal strings transmit what delayed forces?
most of the forces in the universe are based on how many fundamental interactions?
who projected the 1990 levels in the third assessment report?
what does decnet suite include?
the rhine forms an inland delta into which lake?
after ww-ii where did russia apply its old tsarist regimes?
what is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called?
why did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army?
nsf was a major milestone for what?
 what don't progressive moderates of islam seek to separate?
what city has the biggest port in germany?
how many french colonists were gained by british?
how much of the global wealth will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016?
when was james hutton born?
what does the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of math zeroes from?
what happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by q?
the public network business allowed government agencies to do what?
where did friedrich ratzel work?
what garden was formally only for royalty?
what kind of amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions?
state route 180 comes from which direction via mendota?
what is the trend in skills among architects?
how many natural reserves are in czerniakow?
what is the potential earnings for a job where there are many skilled workers but many available positions?
which country had trading posts in india before britain?
what molecules that promote inflammation peak during waking hours? 
what are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with?
between 1978 an d2008 four year full time undergraduate students were required to complete how many classes outside of their concentration?
why does unemployment help growth?
what do the top 400 richest americans have less of than half of all americans combined?
why might rats not be responsible for the plague?
what famous civil rights leader called harvard home?
what were the yuan armies too weak to stop?
where is st aloysius' college located?
since 1904, the home of scottish parliament has been where?
what was a major source of water pollution after the early 1980s?
what country has the most factories that pollute the rhine?
what flows between bingen and bonn?
orientalism refers to how the west developed a what of the east?
 how many years have non-imperialistic practices existed?
along what geographic feature are nine residential houses located?
what is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs?
when was the settlement which would become boleslaw established?
when did the poland area enlargement take place?
which part of china had people ranked higher in the class system?
 when did the egyptian islamic jihad support anwar sadat?
what is the latin name for black death?
who used imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire?
why did ghandi write the mask of anarchy?
what is the area called near the rhine gorge with castles from the middle ages?
how many provinces did the ottoman empire contain in the 17th century?
stable and radioactive isotope studies provide insight into what?
where does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany?
what type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience?
unreserved matters are subjects who are where?
how are air force messages delivered 
how many french colonists weren't gained by british?
what contributed to the increased inequality between trained and untrained workers?
what forces can be modeled using ideal mass strings?
how many weren't in langlades expedition?
 what did hamas lose in the january 2006 legislative election?
what is the protocol suite?
when electrons are loosely packed, there is not enough what?
by what method did maududi not want to change the hearts and minds of individuals?
what cannot be used to find the age of pluton emplacement?
what does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the eest to support?
where does extension occur?
there is much net force when what is taken into consideration?
when did khan formally declare the yuan dynasty?
what have bloc's sidewalks and sanitation facilities done?
what territory was ceded to britain?
net mechanical energy is what in an open system?
who can't pay australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews?
at what village did a triton stop to rest on a sandy beach
 when did the yuan people suffer a series of unnatural disasters?
what does not cause strain in structures?
what stipend do students enrolled in priority courses receive?
when did warsaw become the center of the congress poland?
during which years was no census taken?
where is the longwood medical area located?
how long is the aboral?
during withdrawal from fort william henry, what did some indian enemies of french do?
who was masovia ii of boleslaw?
what is course content funding subject to?
where was the fis formed?
in what year was the joe and rika mansueto library constructed?
what is stage 1 in the life of a bill?
what schools do preparatory schools prepare british children to attend?
what do the auricles do?
how many branches does the zuider zee brackish lagoon have?
how much british military was in north america at end of war?
what tribes hated british?
what conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 1 prime between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2?
 colonial rule would not be considered what type of imperialism?
what is not an example of a pathogen?
what were the structures built by poland typical of?
where didn't british settlers live?
what is the relationship between the architect and the subcontractor?
what are some existing facilities?
what did marchall cohen note about crime?
building a 617 m tall?
which group has two layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea?
what is an example of adversarial practices that involve partnering?
where can tourists go when they visit cambridge?
what interpretation of islam is, for many of the adherents, the "gold standard" of their religion?
what cells can't act independently?
when did the university start having a bachelor's degree program in theater & performance studies?
what happens to rock units under vertical pressure?
what compromises a large number of msps?
what did william smith cross about 50 times?
what does the u.s. economic and social model have substantial levels of?
what happened with the rate of flow in the rhine with the straightening program?
other than t cells, what other immune cells express cyp27b1?
in what country was damascus?
when large groups of people all boycott a system or don't pay taxes it can be considered?
who do some tax agents want to make and impression on during an arrest?
whose ideas did not become increasingly radical during his imprisonment?
who did the mongols bring to japan as administrators?
who refused to act until loudoun disapproved plans?
when were shimer college students allowed to transfer to the university of chicago?
who founded cambridge in 1650?
how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as larger threat?
how did their lawyer suggest they would plea?
what did s&p recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap?
in what sector are jobs beginning to increase?
why are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague?
what water runs out of the sea and out of the former marine bay?
when did the germany army enter rhineland?
what process do moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of?
what formation has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces?
what did this concept contradict 
according to the humoral theory of immunity, what were the bodies immune agents?
when do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera  excrete secretions?
what percentage of the population of warsaw was jewish in 1897?
which date was affirmed by the ipcc?
 what kinds of literature were social darwinism and theories of race?
the movements of the lobates combs are controlled by what?
what type of jihad does ht prefer to engage in?
what exist both in quadratic equations and integers?
when did british begin to build fort under william trent?
as of february 2011, how many numbers has goldbach's conjecture been proven to?
in what year was it suggested the jacksonville stop annexing outlying communities?
what part of the innate immune system identifies microbes and triggers immune response?
what can it sometimes take up to 41 years to get permission to build on?
what did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on?
what is the name of the old north branch of the rhine?
what was the english title of polo's book?
who has elected the president of warsaw since 1990?
what rules does the ipcc have to follow?
who captured fort beausejour?
the ministry of defense discussed what in 1966?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity?
what has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position?
which university ranks having the 9th most number of volumes in the us?
what kind of enrollments did the ethical reasoning program have in 2007?
where wasn't france concentraing efforts?
what do no online pharmacies allow?
 when did kublai defend xiangyang?
when did the black death technically subside?
what are undergraduates required to take to satisfy the chicago core curriculum?
where is the border of germany?
why does unemployment harm growth?
what antibody is transmitted from the father to the baby?
how many of warsaw's inhabitants spoke polish in 1933?
how was the princeton review ranked by students in 2013 for being most informative?
what type of immune cells help to destroy abnormal cells in tumors?
what was the significance of victory at forth niagara for british?
why does fresno only have uhf television stations?
inspired by shelley what was the name of gandhi's doctrine?
what is a derogatory term for the christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation?
what increased in the rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas?
when was the palace on the bank rebuilt?
what is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role?
where might the doctor's self-interest be at odds with the patient's self-interest?
whose occupation did the egyptians resist in the 2003 rose revolution?
what doesn't impact gender inequality in wages?
what is the largest metropolitan area in florida and the southeast?
over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences?
what impact does workers working less have on productivity of a business?
what is the first major city in the course of the rhine?
what was confusing within kpn?
what are pharmacists in the united kingdom being increasingly paid for?
what organizations are funded by the student government?
what does the public see an an imminent danger?
what was the goal of the system 
 what dynasty did zhang rhou help defend?
what is a mechanical barrier in insects that protects the insect?
 what type of revolution did maududi not advocate?
how many ministries of the scottish government does a committee typically correspond to?
what type of forces act at very long distances?
when violence is used, what is civil disobedience sometimes called?
when did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of prussia?
what did stiglitz present in 2008 regarding global inequality?
what does vbns stand for 
 when did the so called gentlemen's agreement between sadat and the islamists not break down?
when were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood?
what primitive jawed vertebrates do not contain lymphocyte-derived molecules?
what conditions can't be met to prescribe a controlled substance?
what event does the oxford-cambridge rivalry culminate in?
who sold the upper rhine to burgundy?
what is the most important thing when deciding if a law is moral?
when did the plos pathogens paper come out?
what causes the symptoms of inflammation?
how far is fresno from los angeles?
what year did robert j. shiller win an economics nobel prize?
 what type of musical instruments did the yuan keep out of china?
what concept did baran research for the us air force?
what is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra?
what does the word seerhein translate to?
female sex hormones are immunostimulators of which immune responses?
how many vice presidents are on the student board?
what kind of swimming pool is at the lavietes pavillion?
what type of income is the vast majority of the population dependent on?
the student government is led by the president and chaired by who?
what is the term for the lack of obsevable free quarks?
what grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism?
low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of drugs?
what cell is unable to act as a scavenger?
what type of actions are taken sometimes in civil disobedience?
which hall was used as parliament's principle committee room?
beroida are known by what other name?
 what han chinese leader rejected the mongols?
datanet 1 also referred to what? 
the mitchell tower is designed to look like what oxford tower?
how long is austria?
what is the english translation of het scheur?
what division offers more then one branch of studies that don't fit in with the other four?
who suggested that imperialism was the "lowest" form of capitalism?
what was college considered a vehicle of for the wealthy in 1945?
a constitutional impasse pertains to how a citizen relates to the state and what?
when did france take control of algeria?
which port is united states's third-largest seaport?
what group is set up to scrutinize public bills submitted to the scottish parliament?
who did the attacks resonate most with?
what tribes were in father le loutre's war?
 who was the director of the american geographical society in 1917?
who produces a list of requirements for a project, giving an overall view of the project's goals?
what insight of galileo was associated with constant velocity?
what was the stretched sequence in the grand canyon named?
what leads to higher income inequality?
what does the forman act as besides paymaster?
what is the least important problem in the united states and elsewhere?
which park is the smallest?
what did donald davies develop
where were french south americans settled?
 what did kublai do to expediate famines?
which university's college grants academic minors in 50 subject areas?
the adaptive immune system must distinguish between what types of molecules?
in what country was the 2004 velvet revolution?
after what event are lagerstatten thought to have appeared?
who moved to hollywood in 2004?
what type of t cells help with both innnate and adaptive immunity?
why did the royal society think the earth was older than previously thought?
what number did early greeks not regard as a true number?
who first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields?
what has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years?
how much of the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide?
who did shirley leave at oswego?
how did william shirley feel about french advancement?
who asks supplementary questions and then a general question of the first minister?
 who would have been the highest-ranked class?
although some acadians went to france and other destiantions, what north american city did many move to?
in all countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land?
who had established the russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921?
what other topics can civil disobedience pertain to?
the defeat of the arab troops in the seven-day war constituted what for the arab muslim world?
what are the skin cells that can be transformed into tumors known as?
in newton's second law, what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales?
what does the fermat primality test depend upon?
when the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow?
what administrative division did kublai leave unmodified?
what did lempicka represent better than anyone else?
where did kublai shorten the grand canal to?
how and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter europe?
when was the confederation of the rhine?
in may 2002, where would you go to address the parliament?
when did genghis khan become great khan?
what can concentrate wealth, pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers?
what is the fox affiliate in salinas?
how much did it snow in 1885?
activation of a helper t cell causes it to release what chemicals that influence cell activity?
what was tower district known for before the renewal?
the bell system was created by who?
when had the plague reached alexandria?
what movements pursued a more radical direction?
in what year did pearson friedman donate $300 million to the booth school of business?
when did great britain lose its colonies in north america?
how were leaders back in europe feeling about news from celeron expedition?
what area was kublai trying to capture by attacking xiangyang?
what became compulsory in massachusetts in 1976?
what is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by?
how are the rates of social goods in countries with lower inequality?
health problems were lower in places with higher levels of what?
who masterminded many terror attacks?
in what year did hoek van holland begin canalization projects?
what uprising began in 1351?
what is the translation of oude maas?
 iqbal worried that india's mostly hindu population would not do what to muslim heritage and culture?
data from physical experiments can be extrapolated to the field to understand what processes? 
the bank of america tower was previously known as what?
where are the streams the rhine captured?
hormones released during sleep support the interaction of t-cells and what species?
what senate committee did singer speak to in july 2000?
when was the last plague outbreak?
who runs the sonderungsverbot?
when was the construction that changed the rhine's delta?
what rituals did kublai follow to help his image?
up until 1990, saudi arabia played an unimportant role in restraining what groups?
when didn't washington learn about trent's retreat?
what does being conscientious toward the law lead to?
what events are often associated with volcanism and igneous activity?
what project did harvard halt due to the financial crisis?
where does khomeini's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb?
what was the us air force interested in? 
what south african vice consul did harvard students blockade the speech of? 
what did the zuider zee brackish lagoon change into?
 what is colonialism's antithesis?
what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its beginning?
what type of theater do the neighborhoods feature?
what is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the rhine?
who first proved bertrand's postulate?
why did french feel they had right to ohio claim?
what applicants does the carnegie foundation want to have more support for?
pattern recognition receptors recognize components present in broad groups of what?
one of fis' agenda items was to force women to start doing what?
what ideas did the report in 1964 state? 
what is not a cause of tumor antigens?
what instrument is used to perform analogy and numerical experiments?
what is the name of one type of modern algorithm test?
who can legally teach english in india?
how many troops were victorious for british in battle of carillon?
when did the colonization of india occur?
what was the justinian plague epidemic called?
when were the alps formed?
what two groups do trade unions think civil disobedience is justified against?
what are some conditions that make the availability of skilled tradespeople vary?
along with 7 fraternities, how many sororities does the u of c have?
when was europe's last major epidemic?
what do increased hormone levels cause in aging adults?
who founded the muslim brotherhood?
how high do plague fevers run?
how are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange?
how many parts does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have?
where does the ijssel and nederrijn redistribute into?
the term imperialism has been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?
when was montreal captured?
what formation was created because the erosion ceased?
 how would one create an empire by means of non-imperialism?
health problems were higher in places with higher levels of what?
what governor wasn't in charge of new france died in 1752?
where did support from governmental and religious groups come from?
who allied in the french and indian war?
what style were the mass constructed palace blocks designed in?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on temperature levels?
the design team is most commonly employed by who?
when did violence end in war?
in modern times, firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project?
thousands of madrasahs spawned what organization?
the hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person?
who has the responsibility for publishing materials?
when was the central pacific railroad founded?
mhc antigens on normal body cells are recognized by what receptor on nk cells?
warsaw's sidewalks and sanitation facilities are some examples of things which have what?
besides viniculture, what is the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine?
how high is the highest point in warsaw?
what country no longer uses the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy?
in what interval are some of the greatest primes without a distinct digit discovered in?
how can you protest against big companies in a non violent way?
what happens when all parts of a plant become infected?
one country's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what?
telenet and transpac were implemented with what?
what does the genus beroe usually live among as juveniles?
what is included in the data in connectionless mode?
in what year was the school renamed as harvard college?
what video game series did alex seropian make?
what types of medications do specialty pharmacies never stock?
what aren't the siouan-speaking tribes?
what are the lithosphere and asthenosphere called when coupled together?
where has the official home of the scottish parliament been since 2004?
how much of europe's population was jewish?
how do platyctenids reproduce?
 what do conquering people take away from native populations?
why does oxfam and credit suisse believe their findings are being accepted?
what typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser?
what do ctenophore use to capture their prey?
who does cambridge say the expansion will benefit?
people behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what?
when did temur rule?
there is some debate that there is a not correlation between capitalism, imperialism, and what?
what do ctenophores have that no other animals have?
where is the lowest point of warsaw located?
higher rates of health and social problems are just two of examples of effects from what?
what procedures can lower the injury rate among construction workers in the eu?
how many auricles do plankton have?
what shape are some of the buildings in the parliament complex?
granting what status would allow private non-religious schools in the us to receive public funds?
what is one reason a labour problem happens and can't be funded?
what dna astronaut is also a u of c alumni?
what archdiocese is market square the seat of?
in between french and british, what groups never controlled land?
in what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to jacksonville?
what is unable to evade the immune system?
when was spanish takeover of louisiana territory incomplete?
what type of scientist is norman cantor?
 what has the united nations not claimed isil to be?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is not an example of what kind of imperialism?
what do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common?
after apartheid, what types of schools are referred to as "model c" schools?
during who's tenure was the university of chicago hospitals system destroyed?
what does the internal cavity contain?
what is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks, inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them?
the yuan was the first time all of china was ruled by whom?
what does lack of education lead directly to?
who predicted the existence of many other planets?
how quickly can fish larvae grow?
what happened to schools after chinese independence in 1957?
how many frenchman won battle of carillon?
in what year did alpha phi omega estimate that about 10% of students participated in sororities/fraternities?
what is operated by academic colleges group in wanganui?
what is the most complex way to avoid the adaptive immune system?
2 differences betwen x.25 and arpnet cita technologies 
which country besides the cuba did the united states try to annex in 1898?
what scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from?
how many people did hamas kill between 2010 to 2017?
warsaw's national museum is one of the most what?
where is the rhine bridge?
in what month does the harvard crimson men's ice hockey team play?
 what book was iqbal's eight english lectures published as?
when were joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period?
when did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of?
what grew at the narrow point in the river under spanish rule?
which type of rebellions are common in scottish parliament?
what was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 1932?
what was the percentage of non-hispanic whites in 2010? 
whose goals often still oppose the ipcc?
what is the maximum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication?
who are fda laws against importing medications aimed at?
what year did iqbal return to lahore?
who described kublai's china to europe?
what are most species of the genus ocryopsis thought to be?
what astronomer worked for kublai?
what is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice?
what harvard alumni was the palestine prime minister?
on what type of exponentiation does the prime logarithm key exchange depend on?
what does the sieve of euclid do?
in which continent besides asia were major gains made by the british empire in the late 19th century?
what did the snp publicly opine about the oil revenues?
in what year did clay bartlett donate land by marshall field?
when did the kmj-tv first broadcast?
what kinds of sciences were social darwinism and theories of race?
what was the australian public x.75 network operated by telstra?
what had bhutto planned on approving within six months, before he was overthrown?
 what nominal title did yuan emperors reject?
rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself?
when did europe slowly begin to warm up from the last ice age?
how many people weren't in british north american colonies?
how many research institutes does the university run on campus?
when did kublai attack xiangyang?
natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what?
what future revolutionary key figures never participated in this attack?
what percentage of scotland's voting population failed to actually vote?
what does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1941 to 1945?
what is one general concept that applies to elements of general xy?
what type of city has warsaw been for as long as it's been a city?
what isn't the profession of jake rosenfield?
how many were killed by plague in naples in 1656?
when was the most important discovery about thermal boundaries made?
does a packet of data have physical mass?
what city served as poland's capital in 1313?
when did colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about attack on the french?
how many us presidents are alumni of the school?
 imperialism is less often associated with which sovereignty?
what are usually the last cells to arrive at the scene of an infection?
what are beroids more similar to than other bilaterians?
though turabi proclaimed his rejection for the democratic process, he strictly applied what after coming into power?
what is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard?
what were the three parts of kublai's government?
what are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with?
what does not compete with commensal flora for food and space?
aside from 12 research centers, how many research institutes does the u of c operate?
how wide are the jura mountains?
how didn't natives in logstown take celeron's information?
along with muslims, jews and protestant christians, what religious group notably operates private schools?
what covered scandinavia, the baltics, scotland, and the alps in the last ice age?
what is the process in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called?
the flushing action of what expels pathogens from the eyes?
what does pharmacy legislation never mandate?
persistent unemployment has what effect on short-term economic growth?
did arpanet develop the first system to make hosts responsible for delivery of data?
what can decelerate particles close to the speed of light?
what are phagocytes in tissues that only have contact with the internal environment called?
what was the six years war?
newtonian mechanisms are the definition of what?
what aid is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university?
what was warsaw's old town listed as in 1980?
what cells do not play a role in long-term active memory?
what were features of apple talk 
what organization was responsible for setting up the ipcc?
what author argues pitching the conscience versus the collective?
 what did the hamas charter compromisingly encourage?
what is activated before the innate response in vertebrates?
what does not have a metric counterpart?
what kind of storms are common in the fall?
what is the boundary between the high and upper rhine? 
what defenses respond to pathogens in a specific way?
what kind of status comes with going to a public school in australia?
when was the palace on the water rebuilt?
stephen eilmann demonstrates covert law breaking in nazi germany.   citizen's illegally had been doing what? 
why was nsfbns created?
what is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
the former speaker of parliament is whom?
what rises during early slow-wave-sleep stage?
 how did turabi build a weak economic base?
what act sets forth the functions of the scottish parliament?
which border does the rhine flow from the south?
 how did chinese medicine stay in one place?
what are horizontal layers of sand called?
what pushes businesses to decrease pressures on workers?
if a and q are coprime, which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of wraps?
what must an attorney adhere to?
what is another country that doesn't permit physicians to give out drugs from within their practice?
what does child well-being in poor countries correlate most to?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through the maas, where doe the other one third flow through?
the rhine is the longest river in what country?
who was an important early figure in the islamic revival in india?
what did the public kpn service telepad use?
where does a pathogen come in direct contact with immune cells, antibodies and complement?
under what law is value of a worker determined?
how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as a lesser threat?
who published its blueprint for devotion in 1995?
what did donald davies develop in the late 1950s?
what brought warsaw's stock exchange to a new high?
what happens when the immune system loses tolerance for tumor antigens?
where did the hero siegfried discover the rock?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many professional schools?
by justification certain racial and geographical theories, europe thought of itself as what?
what was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the seven-day war?
who designed the garden for the marek library?
which american show changed the views of romanians during the cold war?
what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the germans in 1944?
inflammation occurs during sleep times because of the presence of what molecule?
in what year did the clergy enter england?
what is structural geology?
how many frenchmen lost battle of carillon?
what career doesn't joseph stiglitz have?
 what was the least notable publication of tugh's academy?
how did celeron feel about native languages?
how many species were found in the burgess shale?
who founded telnet 
what is biraben's first name?
why do do ciliary rosettes need to decrease density in seawater?
what was the insignificance of victory at forth niagara for british?
how many academic minors does the university grant in total?
what kind of division of power did kublai's government have?
which direction did the disease first move in?
 why don't islamists need democratic elections?
what are two methods for identifying plane-polarized light in the lab?
who provided a philosophical discussion of force?
what percentage of the population is hmong?
what was identified as a universal force after the work of galileo?
what do forces have with regard to additive quantities?
boycotting, refusing to pay taxes, sit ins, and draft dodging all make what harder?
when did herodotus discover the rhine?
when did the spanish and portuguese colonies gain their independance.
what artificial method of spreading immunity causes disease? 
what equation currently decribes the physics of force.
in the layered model of the earth, the mantle has two layers below it. what are they? 
what additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion?
 what types of work did the han do in eastern asia?
what tribes supported british?
who made up 19% of the student body in the 2012 spring quarter? 
when channing eliminated christianity from its former position in the curriculum what was allowed instead?
who came up with the term black death?
what principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory
european imperialism was never focused on what?
what were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps?
when was the final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly passed?
who thought that the yuan's social class system shouldn't be called social classes?
in what areas are sediment particles typically found?
what was the most notable publication of tugh's academy?
what does increasing inequality harm?
what is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called?
does the residential architecture of the tower district compare or contrast with other part of fresno?
what gte director wanted to make arpanet technology public?
the concept of inertia can explain the tendency of people to continue in what?
what type of stations does chico have?
where might the doctor's self-interest be equivalent with the patient's self-interest?
how many academic research divisions does the university of chicago have?
in the layered model of the earth, the outermost layer is what? 
in 1932 what was the rhine measurement changed to?
what was the yuan dynasty called in mongolian?
how many days does the mayor have to override the council's veto?
because of integration what are growing beyond services of architects?
who concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to motion?
newton's third law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to what?
what is positively correlated to the duration of economic growth?
how much did the groton school charge per student for tuition in 2012?
what types of programs don't help to redistribute wealth?
what prohibition agent was also an alumni at the university?
how many major ice ages have occurred? 
what category do all catholic schools fall into?
proper valuations happened in a government project because of what by the owner?
what did jerne develop on the basis of cst?
what are the points of algebro-geometric objects?
who attends loreto normanhurst?
what is using moral dialogue considered when not following the law?
 the english thought bringing what would uplift other regions?
how long was the summer theatre in operation?
alpha decay is the most familiar effect of what force?
what tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions?
when did the north american french and indian war end?
who was one of the scientists for public health england in 2014?
how many temperature reconstructions were included in the second assessment report?
what can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface?
when did the harvard crimson publish its first issue?
how much of afghanistan did the taliban take over?
what percentage of students in grundgesetz attended private schools in 2008?
how much of a difference in homicide rates are related to inequality?
how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have?
what is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have?
the two what are considered to be physically distinguishable?
what ejects pathogens from the gastrointestinal tract?
in what year did the name "black death" spread into germany?
 what fields of study were not advanced during the yuan?
how many clubs do the students at the university of model united nations run?
what is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber?
what is the study of proteins involved in immune response known as?
what is the edge of the moraine plateau called?
how were most city officials elected in the 1960s?
what is the worlds largest academic and private library system?
how much british military was in south america at start of war?
telnet was sold to 
where is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located?
who assembles the authors' contributions?
who was the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked above?
who was fredderic wola?
what kind of interethnic marriage became common in the jin dynasty?
the brotherhood's members are against consuming what beverage?
what type of motivators are food and shelter considered?
how old was toghun temur when he became emperor?
what was a similar view about the asian continent not called?
who did frank burnet inspire with a suggestion?
what complex features flower-shaped buildings?
what acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans?
what does the utilitarian principle seek for the lowest number of people?
 where was the non-muslim brotherhood founded?
what does the matching helper t cell release when it binds with the mhc:antigen complex of the b cell?
which provinces in canada extend the rights of pharmacists in prescribing?
what type of role that islamism seeks makes it not a controversial concept?
who developed datapac
what is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection?
what symbol was employed until early in the 19th century?
x.25 networks were helped by what? 
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige?
what direction do sea currents and seafloor spreading always move in?
where was the famous artist tamara de lempicka born?
what is the annual budget for the scavenger hunt?
what system has an impact on income inequality?
what do hormones produced during this time stop from interacting?
why did british operation fail in 1755, 56, 57?
what process attributes old wealth to those that already have it?
what was the capital of the ottoman empire?
how many drugs approved by the fda in 2013 were specialty drugs?
who published william smith's geological map?
what form are most hospital medications forbidden from being?
why is giving a defiant speech sometimes more harmful for the individual?
how many private schools existed in new zealand in april 2014?
what does howard zinn believe should be removed?
how many academic units make up the school?
 what chinese-style name did rinchinbal reject?
telnet used what  interface technology
in the us v. burgos-andujar, why was a member of the navy's sentence increased?
who did the army siege belong to?
where do a minority of consultant pharmacists tend to work?
where did the tran dynasty rule?
what is not a condition that causes immunodeficiency?
what are pathogens that travel through the body looking for phagocytes called?
 what was the soviet union trying to motivate with its army?
in what country is seville located?
how do socialists think the means of production shouldn't be owned?
income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a larger share of it is know to economists by what term?
what do those in political office refuse to sign when involved in civil disobedience?
what is the shortest river in germany?
what did the american philosophical society produce in 1809?
what field involves the study of the immune system?
what is the theory of evolution based on?
when dating rocks, what is the absolute isotopic date applied to?
why might a physician never diagnose a large number of conditions?
who was president of the ipcc before hoesung lee?
who does not define what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship?
what is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to by socialists?
what political scientist is one of the founders of the theory of neoliberalism?
how many men did duquesne send to relieve  saint-pierre ?
advanced networking was developed by what sponsorship? 
jules ferry thought that the "higher races" have a duty to what?
how long is the section that turns north? 
who claimed that the name black death first appeared in 1631?
what is the population of the netherlands?
what principle relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut? 
what is the center library in the harvard library system?
what is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs?
why did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of stalin prior to the arrival or the red army?
who influenced bismark besides his neighbors?
what do all roman catholic schools teach?
how was france the same as britain in managing its colonies?
how many miles will a person walk when they cross the john w. weeks bridge?
when was the ipcc third assessment report published?
what is engineering news-record?
how would one describe the summers in fresno?
 who influenced the non-taliban ideology?
when was warsaw's stock exchange brought back to life?
what form do complex gaussian integers have? 
what is the least important natural region of the netherlands?
where was friedrich ratzel born?
why was oc-12c considered a substantial engineering feat? 
what are outcomes expected with medication therapy management?
in what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass?
what does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers?
how do private schools in ireland differ from most?
if the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards, they are called what? 
how much does the rhine discharge at the dutch border?
rather than taxation, what are private schools largely funded by?
in what year was "the romantic rhine" site built?
how many women were employed in construction in 2011?
what rates of health and social problems are in countries with low inequality?
what is a one class of self molecule?
what did davies call the system 
constitutional impasse is distinct from what key term? 
 who did kublai reject as ruler of korea?
 what were european countries not doing during the 1700's?
who were the main gothics designed by?
what is as important as identifying plague symptoms?
what exposes organisms to infection?
what is the lowest point of the rhine basin called?
when did prussia become the center of the congress poland?
what did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history?
what are longer growth spells associated with?
what is the comparison in price between australian private schools versus public?
when did the rhine straightening program begin?
what populations occupied the foreign territory between the modern baden and württemberg?
what subtle tool can not be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
what city, along with hamilton, wellington and christchurch, is one of the largest in new zealand?
recent studies believe  that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what?
where does oldly created wealth concentrate? 
when is antibody production higher than normal? 
what was berlin the most diverse of in poland?
which group of ctenophore are are hardest to study?
antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant through what means?
what describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass?
a forced trade agreement between two countries would be an example of what?
what does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create?
the principles of succession are dependent on what thought?
whom was charles lyell influenced by?
where was the packet-switched network first demonstrated? 
what three things are recommended before construction begins?
how do rotifers act as when looking for a meal?
who do coordinating lead authors report to?
how is registered property held in informal form?
how long was the leon theatre in operation?
x.25 uses what type network type 
why was it developed in 1983?
what is eliminated after the equity in the property?
what range of years was the current warming compared to?
what is the irish term for private schools?
what did speeches given by the navy mention about their treatment by protesters?
what was srodmiescie ranked the 7th greatest of?
what wasn't the purpose of loudoun's troops at fort henry?
 what didn't happen as a result of the russo-japanese war?
who kept the full records on climate research?
what was the seven years war?
 europe first colonized the americas, then asia, but what continent was fourth?
which two groups have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes, muscles, a nervous system and sensory organs?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of skilled workers?
what does less education lead to when working?
what is a term for schools that receive government assistance?
what is the second academic school of technology in poland?
what effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in poorer countries?
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no military benefit?
what was the end of the war of the australian succession?
what are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model?
what part of the rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia?
what is an example of a controlled substance?
rocks that are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what?
what is this kind of response activated by plants?
when was the ipcc trust fund founded?
what role in economics did the university play a major part in?
what issues can't prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education?
what aspect of western medicine did the chinese dislike?
which nobel memorial prize in british sciences is an alumni?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5, then, according to fermat's theorem, what type of decimal will 1/p always be?
what was the chinese name for the central secretariat?
when rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut, then they must be older or younger than the fault?
how many people belong to the university's board of trustees?
which university's college grants academic majors in 30 subject areas?
how many research centers does the university run on campus?
what do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more?
where is the lowest point of wesola located?
how common are copepods in other places?
 what happened to the east india trading company in 1766?
did the rand corporation retain any of the research?
what year was the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon written?
what actor starred in the men in black?
what are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens?
"wrecking amendments" are designed to encourage further what?
which study suggests that previous estimates were overstated?
what river does berlin straddle?
where is the newest pharmacy stated to be located?
what was abolished during the apartheid era?
what architect was prominent in jacksonville prior to the fire?
what entities are included in the federal health care system?
what advancements besides military technology did europe not achieve?
nsf developed into what through public funding and private partnerships?
what took place during the mexian war?
what was the source of the rhine during the current last ice age?
how long is the upper rhine plain?
queen elizabeth i opened the new scottish parliament building on what date?
who were scientists intimidated by?
where was francis heisler taken after the protest?
what created a centralized router or server?
when was warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids?
no imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?
what was the percentage of whit people in fresno in 2010?
what is the german term for segregating students based on their parents' wealth?
where were british defeated in canada?
in what year was scott and duncan's research published?
 who was the uighur king of qocho ranked below?
what is the derivative of an object's changing momentum called?
what buildings held the milton friedman institute?
is the packet header long 
along with public schools, what type of school was recognized under the south african schools act?
what concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines?
what was the harvard endowment total in 2011?
what only exists outside of jawed vertebrates?
 what were the non-native inhabitants of australia called?
what is known for adapting and evolving slowly?
how did the united states plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies? 
in what universe would a falling cannonball land in front of the mast of a moving ship?
what do conservative researchers feel shouldn't be a measure of inequality?
older people get less sun and produce less of what chemical via uvb radiation?
what is inequality associated with lower levels of?
what may be possible for multiple kuznets' cycles to be in at any given time?
 who were later yuan emperors isolated with?
when is the term private school never used in the us?
what type of geologists give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks?
what century did the french adopt the germanic vocalism rin-?
when was the holocene?
 which country today is not a remnant of the ottoman empire?
what causes hillslopes and channels to erode?
for the liberals, the main disappointment was what?
taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees' what?
cypiddids are not what?
what do most online pharmacies do?
in 1785 james hutton presented what paper to the royal society of edinburgh?
how many country villages can be found at the unesco world heritage site?
when is the first reference in history to warsaw?
what can experiments be used to explain beside magma crystallization?
during what ages were the limes germanicus built?
who stated that that scientific ignorance was what caused uncertainties of global warming?
what reason is given that you should also protest public companies?
 where did ht succeed in pulling off a bloodless coup in 1974?
what is one country that can't be suggested for importation of medicines?
where is the autumn jamboree hosted?
the independence of which parliament tends to be high?
what is the term when top income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves?
how much did silas b. cobb pledge to the university?
what is volume normally as concentrated as?
 what did european empires not rely on to supply them with resources?
who created arpanet? 
why would one want to give a speech?
western governments considered islamists to be the worse of two evils when compared to whom?
what are biogeochemical pathways used to decipher?
what title did sioux give johnson?
why was the kleitman-aserinsky experiment conducted?
what popular environmentalist is also a university alumni member?
 in what dynasty did tianze die?
what does untersee mean?
turtles and jellyfish can eat large quantities of what?
what are refineries often called?
 who refuses to lead the islamic state?
stage 2 of the bill is where who is in charge of the bill?
ableine was retired and the new platform is called 
how did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989?
which species moves by a darting motion?
what is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n?
what do french construct shortly before losing florida?
bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea?
who voted for jacksonville's annexation?
when is short-term active memory acquired?
though the name was correct, all these services were managed by who?
what two women were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of exodus? 
what does frame relay provide?
who ranked warsaw as 22nd most liveable city in the world?
unsurprisingly, the mujahideen's victory with the soviets in the 1980s succeeded to produce what?
in 2005 how many employees were employed by the government?
how are analog models different than numerical models?
when was the ming dynasty in power?
what characteristic in recent years has been weakly tied with health in developed countries?
who spread awareness of national networking? 
which company provided streetcar connections between downtown and the hospital?
what type of requirement does the college's common core require?
whose occupation of kuwait did the us military personal seek to put an end to?
what session is the scottish parliament in?
what school option were parents of minority children given to convert to?
what does pumping water into the mesoglea do?
what is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs?
what is a rare cytokine?
could only apple devices utilize this suite? 
when there is a side that agrees to a lot for a little what happens to the cost?
warsaw summer jazz days is one of the many what hosted by warsaw?
what, rather than islamism, requires no explanation?
which job does not require that the member be a citizen of the uk?
who refused to act until loudoun approved plans?
what made ohio country safe?
what is latency between nodes?
what stretched across middle europe in the last ice age?
in what year did the black death originate in central asia?
what do computers analyze in the lab?
where do most students at the groton school come from?
to what extent did fermat confirm the validity of euler numbers?
when is the warsaw gallery weekend held?
how were british unable to cut supplies to louisbourg?
who was the first president of the ipcc?
 what natural resources did the chinese government not have a monopoly on?
what factors negatively impacted jacksonville following the war?
what type of medium is a 10base5 radio?
when was most of sunnside developed?
what are those with higher incomes often unable to manage?
where did one of triton's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay?
what is the name of the first aviation community built?
harold wilson published a report in what year?
what does the museum of the riding army portray the history of?
what do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is?
what can often be predicted beforehand?
 where does hamas not want to establish an islamic state?
do certain packets take priority over others if sent at the exact same time?
what is the citation for the pierce v. society of sisters case?
what did polo call the yuan capital?
why does the government restrain itself when engaging in disobedience?
what is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river?
what is one of the two assessment reports published in 2011?
what does kuznets' curve predict about income inequality given time?
what theory accounted for the mercury problem?
how is packet switching charecterized
who went to fort dusquesne in july 1755?
when did economists reach a conclusion without the s&p's rating agency?
circuit switching charges a fee for transferring what kind of information?
the university enrolled 3,468 students in the college  and how many in it's graduate divisions?
what type of defense is sometimes used in court by protestors?
what had happened to vice president agnew's status in modern times?
what naval battles did france lose in 1795?
in what setting do structural geologists reconstruct the crystalline structure of rocks?
what happens when the immune system less active than normal?
what civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers?
what cells undergo slow apoptosis?
what is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription?
what lands weren't reserved for natives?
what river is located near cornell university?
what university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory?
in what kind of fluid are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients?
who was the first cetrum president?
how does inequality help growth?
where did kublai move the mongol capital to?
which theorem states that all large odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes?
how much resources were french placing in south america?
what theme does ghandi begin the mask of anarchy with?
how many miles north of downtown fresno is the tower district neighborhood?
which is one of the park features located in north fresno?
what was the pedestrian mall renamed?
what is the name of the epoch expanded in the second scale?
how many people protested the school assimilation program in malaysia?
what is used to view the properties of crystals?
what can drill cores and ancient processes be combined to show?
which society was responsible for the publication of the joint statement?
 when iqbal promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity, what did he discourage ending?
who owns the california high speed rail?
what did gasquet's book blame the plague on?
how did war start?
what people are least vulnerable to infection?
when was the upper rhine sold to burgundy?
what kind of t cells kill cells that are infected with pathogens?
how was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems?
what do some people think act up's duty should be when caught?
where did iroquois confederation control?
who took the throne after kusala's death?
what is the name for the social science program used in urban primary and secondary schools?
how did scientists assess the dna/rna of yersinia pestis? 
gateways allowed private companies to do what 
in what year was j.i. pontanus born?
from what years did st. elizabeth live in the hollands diep bay?
which theory states that slow geological processes are still occurring today, and have occurred throughout earth's history?
what are other common causes of fatalities in dangerous occupations in the world?
what is the most recent example of financial fault lines? 
who was chairman of the house science committee?
who had military control during the yuan?
in what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in south africa?
how were some modern economic inequalities destroyed?
 according to lenin why must capitalistic countries not have an imperialistic policy?
what did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of?
how much is a rotifer able to eat in one day?
when were fish larvae introduced into the black sea accidentally?
what has the tendency to decrease wages in a field or job position?
what is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them?
what drove increased rental prices in east new york?
cytokine tbf-b suppresses the activity of what cell types?
what category are schools put into that maintain a line between academics and religion?
how many receptors on a helper t cell must be bound to a mhc:antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated?
when did landau propose his four conjectural problems?
what was the name given to a section of kearney boulevard in efforts to change the areas image?
what percentage of students attended private schools in grundgesetz in 1992?
who was the first known european to visit china and return?
what type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum?
who helped designed the main quadrangles?
what does focusing on morality help a judge to achieve?
what is the major tributary of the rhine?
what is the irish term for school fees?
when wasn't king george's war?
why should one not go to jail?
deceleration can be described through what?
what compounds are released by injured or infected cells, triggering inflammation?
what does the bathocyroe and ocyropsis do to escape danger?
when what are packed together loosely is there not enough lower energy?
what is one factor that decreases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level?
where did moncalm slip away to attack, left largely protected?
 which religion did kublai reject?
under what condition is an element irreducible?
what is significant about the age of downtown fresno?
when was warsaw's first stock exchange established?
what is an example of what is analyzed by computers in the lab?
who did warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529?
what percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of?
how did user of tymnet connect 
 how do regimes not fight against cultural imperialism?
what century did maurus servius honoratus give his commentary on the aeneid of vergil to herodotus?
what are antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called?
how many former city officials were investigated by the grand jury?
when aren't inequalities in wealth justified, according to john rawls?
 in which continent besides asia were major gains made by the asia empire in the late 19th century?
where is geoffrey parker from?
where is the apache point observatory located?
what allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered?
how did the camden 28 describe their actions to the court?
how many main flows are branched off from the nederrijn?
jacksonville's popularity for films earned it what title?
what was french population in south america?
what was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare?
how is utility distribution further divided?
who was victorious in the 2005 uk election?
what is the dispensary subject to in a minority of countries?
what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism?
how is the prime number p in bertrand's postulate expressed mathematically?
how does the flow of magma change?
why are coastal species tough?
what is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of?
when was europe fully forested and recovered from the last ice age?
what is not caused by disorders of the immune system?
what will maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the vistula?
what were the two forms of environmental determinism?
 what non-dynasty came after the yuan?
the third master plan led to the construction of buildings where?
what are three types of sediment partilces that have been found?
what was developed in the summer of 1961?
how much did it rain in 1962?
what countries use a blue stylized a to signify pharmacy?
what does the currently flooded terrace still have visible?
parliament typically sits from february to late what?
what is the translation of siebengebirge?
what had the number of people living in warsaw declined to by 1945?
which arts were often practiced together by the same artists?
who was the vice president in 1962?
who were exempt from the ministry of justice?
what did the nif try to unify islamist opposition against?
what can sympathetic jurors in cases with civil disobedients?
what was robert watson's role in the ipcc?
when did the warsaw area enlargement take place?
in which etude of neumes rythmiques does the prime 19 appear in?
what denomination is the diocesan school for girls in auckland affiliated with?
how do competing businesses repel workers?
what glass flowers exhibit is included in the busch-reisinger museum?
how many schools of medicine were recognized in japan?
there's a unesco world heritage site in the rhine gorge between the koblenz and what?
what toxin induces apoptosis in the target cell?
what are the proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens?
where was halford mackinder born?
when is the latest known reference to immunity?
which projections suggested that temperatures would rise, but that sea levels would decrease?
what nationality is the architect enric miralles?
what encouraged cultural exchange under the yuan?
where was marin's first fort constructed?
who was frédéric chopin?
 who was the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked below?
in what sector are jobs beginning to decrease?
what impact did this win have on abercrombie?
what immune system is activated by the innate response?
what type of climate does jacksonville have?
what medicine can lead to a decline in fungi?
roughly how much is the student government's budget?
what was fort caroline renamed to after the spanish attack?
where did british soldiers live?
what does vaccination not exploit?
what was the name of the infamous german heroic prison?
what was originally built as headquarters of the pre-1875 midlothian county council?
what is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object?
how often are elections for the mayor held?
what actor starred in the movie saving private ryan?
these project structures allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction?
who was an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in india?
what is resposible for speeding up or slowing down an object?
what is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in cambridge?
what is another word for the earth's upper mantle?
what contributed to water pollution in the rhine? 
which countries use the red greek cross as a symbol of pharmacy?
what decreased the rate of flow and caused the ground water level to rise?
who is the founder of microsoft and the third richest man in america?
what was the first internet2 network named
what happens when one plate touches another?
what did vrisovci own?
who is the chairman of microsoft as well as the nba commissioner?
the central pacific railroad established a station for its new line in what year?
what is the most snow fresno has ever had?
what part of a uniform must you wear if you go to public school in australia?
when using a probabilistic algorithm, how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically?
what did frank burnet formulate before the 1950s?
 who did the yuan's decrease in commerce help?
what does the address information negotiate?
where is the neighborhood of sunnyside located in fresno?
who won the battle of lake niagara?
what is another term for sea currents?
for what certificate does the legislature conduct examinations?
when an activated killer t cell finds cells where the mhc 1 receptor has specific antigens, it releases cytotoxins such as what?
what did iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society?
what is the proto-germanic adaptation of the name of the rhine?
what office was held by george w. bush?
how many successors of kublai was toghun the last of?
what is income inequality attributed to?
what did paul baran develop 
what is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences?
what is the least controversial aspect of imperialism?
what was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity?
what do x.25 and frame relay both require
what type of cascade results when complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity?
what must be specified in order to account for their effects on the motion of the head?
who authored the liber servitoris?
what has happened to the the rock in the grand canyon that is the oldest rock in the world?
what is hard to find about the origin of grand canyon rock unless analyzed in a lab?
 by justification certain racial and geographical theories, asia thought of itself as what?
what methods do petrologists use to examine rocks out in the field?
what helps the owner in design and construction?
what is the system of many biological structures and processes that protect an organism from cold?
who thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity?
when did the holocene end?
who stated a change of the length of the rhine?
how would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary english speakers?
what does the orientation of the thin sections tell geologists?
who leads the islamic state?
in what year was wisconsin v. yoder decided at the supreme court?
when is the oldest armed seal of warsaw from?
which conjecture holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes?
before the bill has been passed, it becomes an act of what?
 the north saw themselves as what compared to the east?
what isn't the gender income inequality in bahrain?
how were some modern economic inequalities created?
how tall is the bank of america tower?
in what year did pierre de fermat declare euler's little theorem?
what is one thing measuring in crystal lattices shows in ash layers?
what agreement was made for trade with natives and british?
what happens if a member doesn't vote the party line?
the rhine first formed a boundary between gaul and what else?
 who did not mastermind many terror attacks?
when does the presiding officer put motions on the questions?
who is usually working together?
when was the fso tico factory founded?
what genus has self-fertilization been seen?
what was the average household size?
 imperialism is responsible for the slow spread of what?
what communities avoid tower district?
who did britain exploit in india?
 which country besides the cuba did the united states not try to annex in 1898?
what do contractors inspect during building construction?
what values are negotiable? 
what is a pathogen that does not use antigenic variation?
how did the plague infiltrate alexandria?
when was the mass high school education movement?
what is ppp?
levels of what things are used to determine emission factors?
the success of pathogens is predicated on their ability to do what?
in an ideal moral society, what would no citizens be free from?
what supplanted frame relay and x.25 
what should be avoided when talking to authorities?
where was the rhine regulated with an upper canal?
what kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the edinburgh tram network?
when economic inequality is smaller, more waste and pollution is?
what is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is prime?
what act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the sp must adhere?
about many students attend kunskapsskolan schools?
what area did the mocama inhabit in 2500 bc?
who develped the theory of relativity?
when did mongke khan become great khan?
in april 2014, how many new zealand students attended private schools?
 where did maududi exert the least impact?
 what khitan leader rejected the mongols?
what kind of winters does jacksonville have along with hot and dry summers?
how long is fresno street?
what is one way to use pure speech to reach as much people as possible to protest?
what is the medieval esteve pharmacy used as at present?
what does rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in expanding the income gap?
how long did it take for thoreau's disobedience to be known?
as a person gets older, what does the skin produce less of?
if you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object, what would you call that situation?
what is the name of the post-independence government school system in malaysia?
 what rituals did kublai follow to destroy his image?
in what year was henry ware elected to chair?
what is the goal of the capabilities approach?
what is the name of the french colony established in 1564?
who has the task of ensuring that party members don't vote according to party line?
what was one of the problems solved by the kyoto protocol?
 who was kublai khan's uncle?
who managed datanet 1 for kpn?
what does coastal beriods use as teeth?
what are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system?
whose work  corrected aristotle's physics in the seventeenth century?
what is the basic unit of territorial division in poland?
what 2011 report was requested by the ipcc?
what area has become attractive for restaurants?
what is the full official city name of miasto?
what are often associated with the transfer of cold?
what do matrix components show about how magma flows?
what is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth?
in what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating number theory?
some chinese considered the yuan a legitimate dynasty, but what did other chinese think it was?
what is the nervous system made up of?
what are internet pharmacies also called?
 what was the chinese name of gou's math?
what was the most rainfall recorded in june?
 when was iqbal elected vice president of the muslim league?
what did john paul ii's visits in 1973 and 1989 encourage?
the presence of who is highly likely even in small projects?
 what uprising ended in 1351?
nsf installed one of the first in february 1999?
in what century did all of the dead branches dry up?
what river does warsaw straddle?
what type of professionals do pharmacists lack?
how many marine bases are located in jacksonville?
how do other researchers believe porifera evolved and developed its neural cells?
what country uses the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy?
who was influenced by early medieval ideas?
what branches off away from dordrecht?
how much lower was the north sea in the last cold phase than it is today?
to what city in sicily did the genoese traders flee to?
how long was warsaw the capital of the duchy commonwealth?
who preferred the brookhaven section?
 when did mongke khan kill great khan?
what did people think about catastrophism during charles darwin's time?
what happens before the foundation is dug and when a final inspection is passed?
what building was a gift from the soviet union?
what park is close to john lennon street?
how many of jacksonville city's residents are older than eighteen?
what mountain range contains lake constance?
why are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils?
in what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity?
 when didn't the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition?
what is the bend of rhine in basel called? 
 hobson argued that imperialism wasn't an international what?
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare?
what are three things the role of the main contractor is?
who does not have the ability to alter income tax in scotland?
what is an example of the abnormal force in action?
where are the most settlements located?
what would it guarantee for harvard if they attracted wealthy students?
in the wake of the jacksonville fire, what did the florida governor do?
what term don't islamists think should be applied to them?
le grande also wrote that defining the term civil disobedience so difficult it could be described as? 
when was qutb executed?
who was on celeron's expedition?
 what type of medicine did non-mongol shamans use?
who realized that gravitational deceleration was proportional to mass?
what is named for its resemblance to dendritic cells?
when was the jacksonville town charter approved?
what did stratigraphic correlation replace?
how do socialists think the means of production should be owned?
what was lacking in the second assessment report?
when was the muslim brotherhood founded?
when did maududi found the jamaat-e-islami party?
where did aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements?
what caused the lower rhine region to be changed significantly?
what is not a symptom of type i hypersensitivity?
where did scientists find their y. pestis sample? 
whatare the electrostatic and magnetic force awritten as the sum of?
who is a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in modern greece?
how many people lived in poland in 1939?
dendritic cells are named that because they resemble what?
why were northern chinese ranked higher?
what centuries did the roman times take place within?
what is a ctenophora?
which parliament has no ability to amend the terms of reference of the scottish parliament?
the first item of business in the house of lords is usually what?
the term imperialism has never been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?
what type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine?
how much support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes?
how many troops were defeated for british in battle of carillon?
antigen specificity  allows responses that are specific to certain types of what?
what can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on?
how many types of flagella are there?
where is the highest point of the rhine basin?
what is the swedish word for school voucher?
in what year did the plague begin in england?
when would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse?
what principle helps define the key bed?
when did galor and zeria show old information about inequality?
what compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies?
apple inc created what in 1985?
how many wars did the romans have along the rhine?
who has a system for companies that have financial responsibility of completing a project?
what is one of the minor functions of the ipcc?
when did warsaw palace start to rebuild?
when was the first geological map of the entire earth created?
what are committees in the scottish parliament compared to other systems?
what do the academic bodies of the university of chicago medical center consist of?
why was nsfus initially created?
what was joseph haas arrested for?
what computer program allows stratigraphers to view the subsurface in three dimensions?
in latin america what is the most revered skin color?
what 3 things does the air force work key on 
at what size and larger can drugs elicit a neutralizing immune response?
who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction?
where have herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton?
who did the mongols bring to china as administrators?
what is the matrix?
what does high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries?
who did abercrombie replace as captain in chief?
state route 168 is called the sierra freeway and what other two names?
 why were the uighurs ranked lower by the mongols?
what can a contingency plan suffer from?
what did lower material living standards lead to for most of human history?
what does the smallest and northern main branch begins as?
what institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008?
what were the reasons why residents moved to the town of fresno station?
what percentage of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it?
what is the largest city the rhine runs through? 
 what is internet2
in what battle were the mongols defeated by the tran?
who is viewed as the first modern geologist?
what do killer b cells recognize?
what aren't other alternative names for french and indian war?
 when was qutb born?
how did king louis xv respond to british plans?
living from 973–1048 ce he was one of the earliest persian geologists, what was his name?
what route connects fresno with the california central valley?
when didn't british begin to build fort under william trent?
while competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker, whose competition drives wages up for the inverse?
which theorem states that every large even integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime?
what stadium was built in 1920?
who wrote freakonomics and is also an anthropologist?
what did carter wentworth hand out in court to escape prosecution?
in the capabilities approach, grow and income are considered a means to an end rather than what?
what is the main goal of trying to get jury nullification during trial?
a dollar spent by a poor person is likely to provide what for them?
what areas did english recruit natives from?
when are killer t cells deactivated?
what is the goal of individual civil disobedience?
who founded woodward park?
 what was kublai's least favorite sect of tibetan buddhism?
what gene converts calcitriol into calcidiol?
what did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan's economy in?
what did the win mean to france?
when had the six ministries existed?
who granted royal assent to the scotland act of 1988?
what does yeke mongghul ulus mean?
how many beds does the maria memorial health institute have?
on what day does a general question time take place?
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes?
how quickly is the sea level dropping?
what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament applies to scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons?
what was the total nominal gdp of warsaw in 2010?
what was persistent unemployment have a negative effect on?
what are government schools also called in india?
what does not explain the failure of vaccines directed at the hiv virus?
what can changes in habitat be used to provide about formations?
what do b cells help t cells produce?
what is a rare autoimmune disease?
what is not a side effect of glucocorticoids?
what are two examples of nonself entities in accordance with frank burnet's theory?
who did abercrombie replace as commander in chief?
infrastructure is often called what?
what will be the importance of the pharmacist in past decades?
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of philosophers?
what group prepares the bid for work?
when did kublai ban the international mongol slave trade?
the deutsce bundespost bought what kind of interface look a likes? 
what is an example of an ineffective and absurd act according to julia butterfly hill?
why did harvard end its early admission program?
the production of what signalling molecules is regulated by the immune system?
which organization does the unfccc processes support?
what are the less complex mechanisms used to do?
what opportunity did barack obama support for swedish children?
when did the university reach the sweet seventeen?
what publication was written by stephen eilmann?
what play by oedipus, demonstrates civil disobedience?
why is it important to precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section? 
when was the study on sequenced y genomes published?
the average contractor hired how many employees?
what group was trained at cambridge in 1643?
what is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world?
what did artur triton give to the world?
what is the definition of germany adopting a communist government?
 what policy did stalin implement shortly after lenin's birth?
where was the rhine regulated with a lower canal?
what does arpanet in simple terms?
according to certain geographical theories what type of human does a non-tropical climate produce?
how many people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wreaths festival?
who had mathmatical insite?
which group can not meet at other locations in scotland?
what has the lowest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality?
what did the merwede-oude maas form with waal and lek?
what is one method of achieving aspirational consumption?
which boulevard can you find many majestic homes in the area?
 when did tugh temur destroy his academy?
who is an award winning photographer and writer?
how many fraternities are apart of the university?
when did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire?
what were the operating expenses of the groton school in 2012?
what percentage of the population of london died during the 1589 breakout of the black death?
how were high speed connections maintained and who were they monitored by? 
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor did what?
what book did darwin publish in 1830?
what year did the flood that impacted the meuse take place?
what gene is expressed by the b-cell?
of what form are mersenne primes?
what notion does not keep its meaning in quantum mechanics?
what has the u of c maintained since 1938?
who is the attorney general and obama campaign advisor?
how many professors does the warsaw university of technology employ?
how much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century?
 what organization was defeated by hasan al-hudaybi?
what percentage of warsaw's population was protestant in 1901?
who serves as microsoft and mf global ceo?
where is the mesoglea different in other parts of the canal system?
what type of professionals are pharmacists?
what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end?
what has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces?
where have some workers made more than $100,000?
who is the current chairman of president barack obama's council of economic advisors?
what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin positives?
what  things did the network concentrate on 
where was there a strength in british supply chain?
what is the name of the shortest suspension bridge in germany?
what does the carmichael primality test depend on?
what did the royal society of edinburgh present in 1785?
where does the delta in the netherlands begin?
who does the statue of little heroic commemorate?
what is one type of public key cryptography algorithm?
what town charter was approved in 1821?
what crops were introduced or popularized in the yuan?
when was a zoological garden established in the praga park?
who first came up with the bubonic plague theory?
evidence indicates that cydippids are not what?
how is income inequality generally viewed by workers?
what do members of the genus haeckelia usually capture the adult version of?
who works to get workers higher compensation?
who governs nobel prize central bank?
who recorded "walking in fresno?"
what force leads to a commonly used unit of mass?
who was the former host of late night with conan o'brien?
what do most species of the genus ocryopsis function as at the same time?
 when did the germanic tribes not claim territory in north and west europe?
what was the goal of braddock's expedition?
when was the brotherhood first banned in egypt?
how many lobes do plankton have?
in what interval are some of the greatest primes without a distinct form discovered in?
what does the private education student financial assistance help current high school students who are turned away do?
what do statements from the po and member in charge of the bill also indicate?
 what was made valid in the late 19th and 20th centuries?
where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located?
in what year was the edicaran eoandromeda named?
when was the paper published that the "millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on?
what natives were displaced by british takeover in georgia?
how many people lived in egypt at the start of the black death?
what was old briton's response to celeron?
when was unep founded?
what interpretation of islam is, for many of the adherents, not the "gold standard" of their religion?
who presented the mac to the scottish parliament when it was initially opened?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in music composition?
in which two codes were the roles of pharmacists codified?
what was the percentage of germans attending private high schools in 2008?
how many joined the "network"? 
what naval battles did france lose in 1759?
how much of the water flow does the waal get from the rhine?
what cells attack smaller pathogens through contact?
what is the highest reference hospital in all of germany?
what stage usually takes place in the irrelevant committees?
how independently created a separate system in 1965?
was wasn't the plan for langlades mission?
what type of cells engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles?
in the layered earth model, what is the inner core separated by?
why must -1 be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
what avenue is to the west of the golf course?
why do packets arrive out of order?
who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience?
what happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases, according to imf staff economists? 
what needs to be avoided with civil disobedience?
why is the need for acceptance of punishment needed?
what is the profession of jake rosenfield?
what is warsaw's economy characterized by?
what are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have sr 99 improved to be of interstate standards?
what did simon conway find on the branches of lagerstatte?
 what did 'di yuan shi' mean?
when was the treaty of versailles written?
the mother of which emperor was a concubine?
where did singer hold a press conference in may 2000?
where is it hard to identify the remains of salmon in?
where didn't french fur trappers travel?
what was concluded by richard harbison in 2001 about beroids?
how quickly to wave speeds inside the earth move?
who had no influence in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines?
how many men older than 18 are there for every 100 women?
what is the effect of testosterone on the male immune system?
how long does the members debate last?
who are members of the sports club elected to represent?
who decides how land or property is allowed to be used?
how high did the sea level rise during the ice ages?
who did the snp obtain 16 seats from?
what is the sea level of the irish channel?
how much area does the university library garden cover?
what does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries?
what title did iroquois give johnson?
what percentage of the population of paris died of the plague in 1466?
what delivery message was used 
what organization did general gaafar al-nimeiry discourage members of to serve in his government?
what native chief travelled to french fort and helped marin?
why would students be turned away from non-degree programmes?
what churches were the graduates of cambridge affiliated with after 1643?
what un secretary went to harvard?
why were the 2011 special reports issued?
why did france choose to give up no continental lands?
how many prime numbers exist?
until 1987, what stance did the muslim brotherhood in palestine take towards israel?
according to gluga's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite?
who was al-banna's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of?
what british for was jacksonville the site of?
where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350?
site conditions, local regulations, economies of scale and the availability of skilled tradespeople all affect what?
what shape does the aboral usually have?
in what year did the largest companies in the us compile data on nine market segments?
which theory justifies imperialism in part?
the present mediterranean sea descends from what sea?
what group of people cannot be part of civil disobedience?
what laws are different in every inertial frame of reference?
what is the second level of territorial division in poland?
how much food can crustacean larvae eat per day?
the stagg presidential center is set to be finished in what year?
what was the role of phagocytosis before it was used to acquire nutrients?
what force acts between electric charges?
sleep hormone release supports formation of immune memory by initiating what immune response?
what does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of a society result in?
who developed the lithium ion battery which let to lead-lead dating?
what has presented problems to the us economy more than other nations?
what causes the immune system to treat foreign organisms like normal tissues?
what was the north american portion of war of australian succession?
what is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called?
what percentage of married couples had children living with them?
what is not effected by natural light and dark cycles?
what must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division?
what does an analog model have that a numerical model doesn not?
how many fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council?
what did the conflict galvanize muslims around the world to do?
what was isiah bowman nick name, as known by the public.
why does the rhine water fall into depths at the rheinbrech?
what is the cost of living near harvard?
what is not a reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy?
in what year did the walker museum create and incorporate the u of c as a coed institution?
when a commission reached no decision, what happened?
what type of insect employs the use of prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy?
laboratory measurements of forces are fully inconsistent with what?
where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives?
what is not prevented from entering an organism?
what was the goal of congress?
what has sizes depending on how weak the push or pull is?
what has a stronger effect during sleep deprivation?
what types of health outcomes do pharmacists never have with their patients?
what is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2008?
in what year of 20th century, did harvard release an important document about education in america?
what else can magma flows be used to understand?
what is concentrated in the coldest months of the year?
what actually caused the plague?
how much of poland's national income does srodmiescie produce?
what vitamin do t-cells have a parasitic relationship with?
who is antigone's father in the play?
who established the amount of chosen numbers in existence?
how many geomorphologic formations is vistula on?
 when was isiah bowman not appointed to president wilson's inquiry?
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future?
what was the jacksonville fire later known as?
 when did the spanish and portuguese colonies lose their independance.
what repulsion follows when atomic clouds overlap?
what is one part of the innate immune system that doesn't attack microbes directly?
what does the name fresno mean in spanish?
who took up the path of violence?
what did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011?
what was formed when the government merged in 1967?
 who reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most weak.
nearly 7,000 students are enrolled where?
what involves mass production of similar items without designated planning?
in what part of the united states did many students migrate to christian academies during the desegregation period?
who was the last known european to visit china and return?
to whom did rep. joe barton write a letter?
what does warszawa mean in polish?
what year is the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard?
sauriwa is the earliest known name for what area?
what did the apple system assign automatically 
what does continuous motion along dike swarms create for sediment to be deposited?
along with canada and the united kingdom, what country generally doesn't refer to universities as private schools?
 what did the civil war leave the state of iraq economy in?
what serves as a barrier between bodily tissues and the nervous system?
under which field did the world's first synthetically produced nuclear reaction occur?
how many students did charles william eliot teach throughout his tenure at harvard?
hank paulson is the former chairman and ceo of what banking firm?
how many rival princes were involved in assassinating gegeen?
what did kllbrandon's report in 1973 recommend establishing?
who was bill aiken's adopted mother?
what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in curie?
what percentage of people died in crimea of the black death?
was the plan informalized?
what was the objective of royal proclamation of 1763?
what did cellular theory claim was in an organism's humors?
what  former administrative building was used for the msp's offices?
who opened the new parliament building on october 9, 2004?
what areas did french recruit natives from?
what has become the secret to economic growth?
how else might a physician take advantage of self-interest?
who expounded the three laws of motion?
what were european countries doing during the 1700's?
what is the dutch name for the rhine?
how long is the germany?
in what way do idea strings transmit tesion forces?
 who thought the world could not be split into climatic zones?
when is the correlation occasionally negative?
telenet was licensed under what founder? 
in the most common construction procurement, who acts as the project coordinator?
what can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do?
what are responsibilities pharmacy technicians never deal with?
who is elected to serve as the presiding officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session?
what are the three major types of rock? 
what year did kind vilnius move his court to warsaw?
what do all but one platycenida species lack?
what can be seen between hadrons?
what long term agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the west?
what cells are at their lowest while people are awake?
in what year were there 366,233 people in jacksonville?
who created assessments that were found to have substantial errors?
what percentage of pinedale is black?
what have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming?
who specifically does ht target to maintain the opinion of?
what was the name of the infamous german gestapo prison?
what exchange in the fmcg is one of the most important for central and eastern europe?
what is the name of the scheme that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment?
political advantage is an attribute of which state policies?
who did dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory?
how many school vouchers were issued by sweden in 2008?
what organization is john schmitt and ben zipperer members of?
 for many centuries, what was the brotherhood described as?
what us companies are compiled in the top-250
what do many people want to integrate into interstate 5?
different committees have what set out in different ways?
what status has the brotherhood obtained in the islamic world?
 any even number larger than what cannot be considered prime?
who constructed an experiment where stones and rocks were rolled down an incline?
ctenophora are less complex than which other phylum?
how wide is the rhine in germany between emmrich and cleves?
what south korean car manufacturer purchased the factory in 2005?
what made the student decide to occupy the president's office in protest?
what strains of y. pestis were found in the mass graves?
what increased about harvard's student body in 2005?
under which policy are labor unions encouraged?
which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites?
in what year did warszowa become the official capital of the masovian duchy?
the rhine gets how much water from the aare?
how many did this epidemic in china kill?
 imperialism often unites countries by using which technique?
how do cilia and aboral escape from danger?
what does neumes say that composition with prime numbers was inspired by?
name the british economist, theorist and philosopher who is also an author and alumni?
a liberal force that acts on a closed system has what kind of mechanical work?
decnet originally released in 1982 for what reason?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together?
when did the jin dynasty end?
the long tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected by what?
what did the taliban want to subject the entire country to?
what do building inspectors do about utility lines?
what disorder causes the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self?
though turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process, he strictly applied what after coming into power?
internet2 became what in 2007? 
in what year did harvard end its early admission program?
what is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle?
semen contains what in order to kill pathogens?
what certificates must private schools worldwide work towards?
what do people pleading no contest believe about defending themselves?
what is sometimes impossible to model?
in what year was the interstate highway system created?
how many private school students were there in 1979?
what is one result of civil rebellion?
who was the first chair of the ipcc?
what do people with lower income have less access to?
where are no hospital pharmacies located?
who is the university accredited by?
which institute is a center for near western studies?
the party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what?
in 2010 what did the average earning for a professional show?
when was the non-muslim brotherhood founded?
why do people chose civil disobedience to protest?
what three churches have colleges in sydney?
what can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry?
the word imperialism has it's origins in which ancient language? 
what force describes lorenzo's law?
when was the ottoman empire at its height?
there is increased wind from what direction in july?
what is an islamic revival movement?
how isn't income inequality generally viewed by workers?
which two leading roles did audra mcdonald perform when she was in high school?
who never captured fort beausejour?
who went to radcliffe and was trained there as students in its early days?
what are peptides processed into?
what type of wages result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand?
 what were the three forms of environmental determinism?
how many billionaires are now living in cambridge?
how many bodies of water make up the rhine?
how many divisions are required to verify the division of the number 37?
what has shortened the rhine river? 
when did barton and whitfield demand climate research records?
which plateau is the left part of vistula on?
what was hoho?
what is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings?
who wasn't on celeron's expedition?
when was warsaw palace completely razed to the ground by bombing raids?
what is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined?
brownlee justifies civil disobedience toward what branch of the government?
what area of fresno were the fresno fairgrounds located in?
what term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs?
what's the party's take on muslim history?
why were western chinese ranked higher?
who does the statue of little insurgent commemorate?
the male fossil known as lucy was discovered by who?
the "it's scotland's oil" campaign resulted from the discovery of what in the south sea?
what is the status of the harvard university archives with undergraduates?
when the election produced an snp majority government, what was it the first occurrence of?
what was the first sacramento station called?
how many same-sex partnerships without kids were there?
what does the wessel-datteln canal run parallel to?
 what did the non-salafi movement put emphasis on?
what types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have?
how accurate did guo make the formed lunisolar calendar?
what usually takes place on location for an unknown client?
 how many rival princes were involved in living with gegeen?
who were the pannonian troops allies with?
what sticky cells used to capture prey are missing from a few sponge species?
in what year was david tappan elected to the chair?
how much of the of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther east?
in what year were the oldest additions in new delhi opened?
where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the emperor's personal physicians?
what is the 16th century known as the start of?
what is the full official city name of warsaw?
what does the contractor produce to let everyone see the project's goals?
in what year did enr compile data in nine market segments?
when did maududi leave the jamaat-e-islami party?
who donated property to the university of chicago?
which religion did kublai prefer?
 who was the first democratically elected president outside of egypt?
what republic has maintained its control of afghanistan?
what entity sparked the growth of fresno station?
what type of hypersensitivity is associated with allergies?
what type of civil disobedience is commonly accepted?
what type of studies do geochronologists perform?
 what did the mongol elites wish buyantu do?
what type of group is the non-islamic state?
what do geologists use to investigate the surface?
fresno city college is located at what two avenues?
what does high inequality go hand-in-hand with?
how much water does the rhine discharge at the french border?
if 1 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers?
what molecules are parts of the body of an organism in immunology?
what flows out of the former bay hollands diep?
why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is?
what is the name of the fmcg agency for external border security?
where is the holocene further expanded since it is very short with short epochs?
what do orogenic wedges work in the same way as?
where can sedimentary rock not be found at the same time?
where will a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship land according to aristotle?
what may explain why some americans who've become rich may have had a head start?
how many times less is the strenght of the weak field compared to the strong?
when did jamaa islamiya renounce violence?
how do studies give information about tectonic plate boundaries?
where did one of oppman's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay?
when did the y. pestis reach england?
residential construction practices, technologies, and resources must conform to what?
how many seats did the snp take from the liberal democrats?
what was done to counteract the overpopulation of mnemiopsis in the black sea?
what needs to be made to ensure richer members of society can participate in economic growth?
what does the sieve of eratosthenes do?
horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments?
what philosophy of thought  addresses wealth inequality?
what event happened 66 million years ago?
what does the government provide for students turned away from priority courses?
what is the city centre of warsaw called in polish?
what are the different tectonic plates called?
whose role is to design the works, prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings, administer the contract, tender the works, and manage the works from inception to completion
what direction did watson say the mistake went in?
who designed the fogg museum of art?
where are bills typically gestated in stage 1?
what type of wages do people unable to afford an education receive?
in 2004 the orange revolution occurred in what country?
in what time period were lagerstatten first found?
what characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries?
what was the first year that yale and harvard played football?
where does the rhine river's measurement begin?
what amount of money did kent-brown have invested in harvard?
what concept was developed by baran while researching at rand
who do clinical pharmacists never work with?
who refused to act until washington approved plans?
when did the brotherhood support violence as a means of achieving its goals?
members of which organizations are disqualified from sitting in the sp as elected msps?
how many student loans can you apply for in four years at harvard?
in udp, the network guarantees what?
 what organization did iqbal join in france?
in what year was the university of maynard incorporated?
 what was the japanese name for the central secretariat?
what are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide?
what does a basic program also require?
what are public schools allowed to do to retain talented students?
when was thoreau's essay published?
stage 4 is the final stage of what?
what did the  fossils found in the burgess shale lack?
what did germanic tribes establish with help from the rhine?
where can aeolian sand with a number of dunes be found?
when was the rhine crisis?
what are the most abundant kind of phagocyte?
what combined with lowering prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace?
what area of science is understanding slowly changing?
what do some community pharmacies do?
what borders did the french complete during the middle ages?
what is one reason securing an amendment of the law is not recognized?
to what extent did fermat confirm the validity of fermat numbers?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels?
who is the primary rival of the harvard crimson hockey team?
what is the last major city in the stream of the rhine called?
on what show did bill aiken make is television debut?
what did guo shoujing not do for calendars?
what would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012?
are ctenophores predators, vegetarian or parasitic?
when did the american philosophical society enlist maclure to make the geological survey?
survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship? 
what did graham twigg publish in 1984?
what us prime minister is an alumni?
when did colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about peace with the french?
what was suggested at the symposium in 1967
what service used the network and modified kpn devices?
there were many chinese with what expected status?
what are most detailed plans in construction?
what are schools called that don't charge tuition in austraila?
when was the great plague of london?
what was larry roberts hope?
what is the mayor of warsaw called?
what is the largest medical school in poland?
what does the nederrikn's name change into?
who has limited productive potential when faced with more access to education?
what aspects of life does islamism seek to integrate itself into?
 what religions did tugh temur reject?
at 5 am, each sitting day, the msps decide on what?
in what year was the d'angelo and rika library built?
what do you use to let idea strings switch direction?
what is the immune system of the brained known as?
what company was bedau a part of while breaking the law by bringing medicine to iraq?
in what year did developers billings & meyering acquire the alta vista tract?
for a field f containing 0 and 1, what would be the prime field?
what did vilenski represent better than anyone else?
who was the uighur king of qocho ranked above?
what is the definition of agency as it unrelates to incapabilities? 
what does the national museum boast having from adolf hitler's private collection?
what is one way an attorney tries to get a business district changed?
what kind of tuition is charged if you enroll in a sonderungsverbot?
what protein does staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective?
what is the function of specialize cells located in the brain?
early western texts referencing the east describe the people as being what?
how much of a difference in homicide rates aren't related to inequality?
what was the principle shown in the mark of anarchy?
what was kmj originally known as?
who was part of the case with wisconsin in 1976?
what type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience?
some elements of the brotherhood directed what action against the government?
what type of numbers are always multiples of 2?
 what have many ht members failed to to join?
when is the amphitheatre open?
where is the famous rock the rhine flows around?
who explored ohio territory in 1750?
who founded the ming dynasty?
what do nk cells protect?
how many scientists called to change the ipcc in feb 2010?
how many firms were there in 2011?
what trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term?
what were two of fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished?
besides public key cryptography, what is another application for prime numbers?
where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true?
from 2004 to 2005 harvard reduced the number of students earning latin honors from 90% to what?
what kind of member what the university to the big twelve conference?
who is the ceo of microsoft and also served as governor in nj?
how did the unequal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem?
what thirty-seven story building was built in 1972?
what form do complex rational primes have?
in what year was the old rhine bridge shortened?
 what are colonial powers praised for?
when was the zuider zee brackish lagoon discovered?
how is the prime number p in chebyshev's postulate expressed mathematically?
on which woods hole campus is the national opinion research center located?
what percentage of fresno's population was filipino in 1970?
the immune systems of bacteria have enzymes that protect against infection by what kind of cells?
what types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients?
in what year did the timucue people inhabit the jacksonville area?
which part of the immune system protects the brain?
 who was genghis's 4th son?
what month is the warmest in fresno?
what is the yuan dynasty's official name?
how much potential economic growth could the united states amass if everyone went through less schooling?
disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in what chronic conditions?
who responded to lindzen's criticisms?
how many same-sex married couples or partnerships were there?
what is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents t cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways?
along with non-governmental and nonstate schools, what is another name for private schools?
how were x.75, ascii, and other interfaces used?
what planet seemed to buck newton's gravitational laws?
what are not examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide?
what is the un's climate change treaty?
 when was the flis founded?
how long is the central bridge?
along with sport and art, what is a type of talent scholarship?
what do cnidarians use their combs for?
hobson argued that imperialism was an international what?
what philosophy of thought addresses wealth equality?
besides germany and switzerland, where else is lake constance?
what do beroids typically eat?
what are cancerous tumors of the skin known as?
where were servers hosted? 
who was chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations?
when did vinogradov propose his four conjectural problems?
how many classes outside of their concentration did the carnegie foundation require in 2007?
what practice do some internet pharmacies engage in?
who has no power to pass laws?
 one strategy of islamization is to not seize power by what methods?
which side is sr 99 built on?
what is a typical configuration
research regarding metamorphic processes helps explain what about pressure?
what type of rock is found at the grand canyon?
where did francis heisler plan to have her protest?
what were requests made from british?
what are some advantages of hospital pharmacies?
how did king louis x respond to british plans?
what is the name of the chairman of the board of trustees?
what is involved in a review of prescribed medications?
who realized that the effects of gravity might be observed differently at smaller distances?
what had radcliffe been transformed into by the 19th century?
what is europe's smallest inland port?
when was al-nimeiry accepted?
what the least dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area?
what does the fourth scale compress?
who planted the alfalfa fields?
how many roles do the types of b cell have?
in nepalese private schools, what is the primary language of instruction?
who can introduce a bill as a public member?
what is an underbid?
in the mid 18th century, who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number?
who called for more government oversight into the ipcc?
when did the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin?
what shows the location of drill cores?
how are 'un-aided' schools different from 'aided' schools?
what town surrounds jacksonville?
what does colonia agrippina's original name translate into?
what is secreted by the respiratory tract to trap microorganisms?
what is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called?
what does being an msp share with the house of commons?
what antigens do helper t cells not recognize?
what is the name of the university's summer festival?
 what had the yuan used to print its money before plastic plates?
imperialism extends a country's power and what?
what notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars?
what does it mean when a harmonic series diverges?
what gained ground when arab nationalism suffered?
when was the imperial library directorate established?
what does fota stand for?
who wrote about the distillation of sea water from drinking water?
what was twigg's first name?
imperialism and colonialism don't assert a states dominance over what?
what wasn't the ratio of british settlers to french?
 what happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the eight-day war?
what do radical islamist organizations reject entirely?
what can people work towards if they are denied their functionings, capabilities and agency?
what types of programs help to redistribute wealth?
what are the siouan-speaking british?
what is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not?
governon robert dinwiddie had an investment in what significan company?
what are the statocysts alligned in when being evenly spaced?
whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon?
what kind of communication can be implemented?
what is an autoimmune disease that mostly strikes men?
who bought the factory in 2005?
what is the most important item for civil disobedience to follow through?
who led the science and environmental policy project?
what is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues?
how many students did the university enroll in its five graduate divisions in 2014?
under what condition is an element a general xy?
what type of physics model did einstein fail to make?
the second item of business on wednesdays is usually what?
the taliban was so similar to other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what?
 what doesn't yeke mongghul ulus mean?
who established the amount of prime numbers in existence?
when was the scale to measure the rhine introduced? 
how fast does pneumonic plague usually kill most people when left untreated?
what is not an example of a mechanical barrier?
newborns are vulnerable to infection because they have no previous exposure to what?
 what was the second meaning of a japanese word for 'barracks'?
plant cells respond to the molecules associated with pathogens known as what?
when did geologists beginning comparing fossils to each other?
in the fall quarter of 2014, how many students signed up for the university's four graduate divisions?
it wasn't the first network to make the hosts responsible for what?
how many muslims came from iraq to fight in afghanistan?
what was zia-ul-haq's official state ideology?
what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of?
what is  the time rate of change of electric charge?
how long has the rhine coastline been in the same location?
when was the first measurement of the value of the newton universal gravitation constant?
what commemorates old town's heroic history?
when did the rhine travel southwest into the north sea?
what was marin's orders?
what proteins are used by very few organisms?
what is harvard's most intense rival?
how many legions for the germania inferior existed?
what happened to the number of student applications during the 1920s?
finding what helps to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault? 
 who was it essential for islam to not imitate?
what is cultural imperialism often referred to as?
what is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load?
in what year did the fourth president, robert maynard hutchins take office?
what country does the rhine empty?
how else can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear?
what classification system is newer than the north american industry classification system?
what can increase the tension force on a load?
why does government exist according to anarchists?
what notion causes one to deal with classical variables instead of operators?
who was rejected as the replacement for duke yansheng kong duanyou?
who disliked the affiliate program?
what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe?
in what office has barack obama recently served his last term?
which direction did romans use to drift through the rhine?
how many years did it take for the frozen subsoil to warm up?
what dynasties inspired the japanese-like elements of kublai's government?
what organization arranged to founding of school?
which of newton's laws described a rotational inertia equation?
what does the scotland act of 2012 extend?
what is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a decimal digits?
what entities are not included in the federal health care system?
what has successfully dealt with ozone depletion?
what areas are pharmacy informatics prepared to work in?
which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks?
the modern trend in design is toward integration of what?
what type of skills does the market bid up compensation for?
what session did the ipcc panel attend before the opening ceremonies?
what has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion?
when was the black forest discovered?
when did ice-sheets cover asia?
what rive joins the rhine in duisburg? 
when was the european portion of the seven years war incomplete?
when was the regime in pakistan overthrown by general zia-ul-haq?
where did turabi place students sympathetic to his views?
what type of flower is sought on wianki?
according to lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy?
in what year were there 5751 filipinos in jacksonville
what does x.25's integrity operations concern?
during withdrawal from fort william henry, what did some indian allies of french do?
what causes pauli repulsion?
how did turabi build a strong economic base?
how many bits are typically used in the primes for the diffie–hellman key exchange?
what type of goals are usually done skirting the law?
rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under this type of compression. 
who in warsaw has the power of legislative action?
how many citizens conflict in a constitutional impasse?
who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism?
what is the income inequality gap between genders in botswana?
why should winning your case be avoided by the public?
xenoliths are picked up by what and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks? 
why did warsaw become the capital of the commonwealth?
what did gou use for astronomy?
what do bad time elements lead to?
on what street was the golf course built?
in what year did harvard stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country?
how many people were in british north american colonies?
what makes ctenophores different from all other animals?
what tv host and writer went to harvard?
where is the stratigraphic section?
what is the name of the donor who helped establish the hutchinson commons?
the only objective of the kilbrandon commission was what?
who is the president of the ipcc?
how does the larvae develop?
how many botanical gardens does kampinos have?
 what was the name of theodore roosevelt’s policy of non-imperialism?
forces that act on one part of an object do not act on what?
what does the lavietes pavillion serve as a satellite location for?
what were british plans against french?
 what did mongols refuse to worship?
how many people usually go to see harvard sports teams play each year?
how many branches does the rhine branch into?
what do outcrop samples help magnetic stratigraphers to date?
what is involved in sea current coupling?
what becomes more adept at producing vitamin d as a person ages?
when was zia-ul-haq killed?
what is the major tributary of lake constance?
when iqbal promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity, what did he encourage ending?
what ends at this bend in the rhine?
where are the variant forms of the name of the rhine in ancient languages derived from?
what approach did oppenheimer advocate?
what is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019?
what does the islamic state have a surplus of from the international community?
what is the chemical that mediates type 1 hypersensitivity?
bacteria often secrete what kind of proteins to ingest a physical barrier?
by how much did kent-brown reduce his investment in harvard?
why are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested?
what is an obvious source for cost engineers?
what needs to be made to ensure poorer members of society can participate in economic growth?
 how many africans were brought into the united states during the non-slave trade?
who did the han japanese want to help the mongols fight?
scandinavia started calling the plague the black death in what year?
what appearance do dendritic cells and neuronal dendrites not share?
between brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected?
what is the immune system unable to distinguish from healthy tissue?
 who rejected the mongolian borjigin clan?
what policy did stalin implement shortly after lenin's death?
according to the function hypothesis, all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s?
when was the royal university of warsaw established?
when was geegen the emperor?
what are some examples of markets?
who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water?
what is a quarter of warsaw filled with?
how many different network technologies where there before 1973?
what was the idealized value of imperialism?
what is key to getting the skills needed for low demand jobs?
another term for on-diagonal elements is what?
what was sponsored by francis heisler in august 1957?
what does the ipcc not do?
when did eastern governments support fledgling islamists?
 what writing discouraged the name great yuan?
why do geologists plot crystals under a microscope?
what did article 20 of the allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from?
what does the name the rhine come from? 
what government department did buyantu shut down?
was this concept originally intended to be an application only meant for use by the military?
who identified gravity as a force?
what is the domesday book about?
 when was the british east india company unestablished?
what does connectionless-oriented transmission require?
the conceptual definition of pushes and pulls are offered by what?
what is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 
where did korea border kublai's territory?
what is the name of another type of modern primality test?
how were transpac and tymnet modified?
how many bodies of water make up the obersee?
what causes the innate response to be disarmed?
residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned?
when did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition?
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts against islamism? 
what is the name of the current king of thebes in the play?
in a progressive tax, what increases as the taxable base amount increases?
what does frame relay's lapb provide?
in many countries, what kind of pay gap isn't there?
who rejected the path of violence?
what makes the method of trial division more efficient?
what changes the way a mineral is deposited?
what kind of behavior are cilia participating in when they reverse direction with their flagella?
the planet vulcan was predicted to explain the what with planet saturn?
in what other way can disobedience be applied to international organizations and governments?
what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been lost?
who wrote the paper that the "millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on?
when did millerton residents move out of fresno?
the words there shall be a scottish parliament is inscribed around the foot of the what?
what is one straightforward case of a carmichael test?
the creation of topographic gradients causes what?
what is the time when members can ask questions to only particular members of scottiish government?
what does not constitute as civil disobedience?
what keeps the theory of transform boundaries going?
 who weren't exempt from the ministry of justice?
what was tugh's chinese-style name?
has there ever been anyone charged with importing drugs from canada for personal medicinal use?
what famous indian's actions were considered civil disobedience?
in whose diagram is each matter particle represented as a curved line?
what do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have?
how many lakes are there in czerniakow?
what is the highest reference hospital in all of poland?
what was the yuan's paper money called?
what do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have?
the pleistocene epoch takes place during which period?
what were the northern alps flooded by?
when did the south american french and indian war end?
how did the islamic group's campaign to support the government turn out?
who is known for inventing the first elementary charge calculator?
what percentage of the student body was affected by grade inflation in 2004?
what college was founded during world war ii?
what is the immune system of the stomach known as?
what type of motivators are achievement and outside determination considered?
when was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification?
 friedrich ratzel thought imperialism was not what for the country?
what are biogeochemical pathways?
what mathematician was also apart of the university's faculty?
 what aspect of western medicine did the chinese like?
germany doesn't have an imperialistic past until when?
how much of a loss did forbes suffer in 2008?
which two compounds did al-muwaffaq combine?
what has a smaller impact on the united states' economy more than trade?
what has water that is a lighter color than the rhine?
how did william shirley feel about english advancement?
when did tugh temur die?
what is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some americans?
how many points of presence did nsfbns have by 1998?
who unified the force responsible for atoms falling at the surface of the earth?
civil disobedience is mainly performed by what population group?
how many muslim empires have used imperialism?
what molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates?
what is the bielany forest the last remnant of?
what prompted advanced research and education in networking?
the weak force only acts on which particles?
what is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the black sea and the sea of azov?
what area of brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime?
where does the rhine encounter it's tributary the neckar? 
why did radcliffe college students stop residing at sever hall?
any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what?
when was the last glacial maximum?
 when did the democratic republic of iraq collapse?
in galileo's view, the terrestrial sphere contained how many elements?
what year was north america's first printing press started?
what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides' book?
when did centrum serve as president?
what did baran develop during research at rand 
what are private secondary schools in germany called?
what is colonialism's core meaning?
when do banks believe civil disobedience is justified?
how does the aboral move?
what forest is by warsaw's southern border?
what lake connects the rhine to lake constance? 
what temperature fever does one have suffering from pneumonic plague?
who is known for working on portfolio capture theory?
what is the largest suspension bridge in germany?
after 1945, what challenged the french empire?
what is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at harvard? 
what are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs?
 the ottoman empire controlled territory on four continents, africa, asia and which other?
what is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication?
 the asante and lunda empires were not in which region?
who was the first president of the university of chicago?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions were used?
what type of garden does roeding park have?
what is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy?
 how did the final song emperor begin?
who lives no longer on average than greeks and new zealanders?
along with tuition, scholarships, vouchers, donations and grants, where does funding for private schools come from?
besides constant flooding, why else was there regulation of the rhine?
what does ocean water do to luminescence from certain animals?
how many us presidents once campaigned in cambridge?
what is the standard of living for most families in kathmandu?
what microsoft ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago?
since electrons are minions, they cannot occupy the same what?
who decreased british military resources in colonies?
newton's fifth law means that only some forces are interactions between whom?
where are some of the best schools in east-central europe located?
what did tax collectors try to prevent from being installed in the temple?
what does vriscovci mean in polish?
what did salmon used to be regarded as in marine food chains?
what building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1950s and 1960s?
what type of venue is the teatr wielki?
at what building do olympic athletes train?
what do high levels of inequality  prevent beyond economic prosperity?
what was the projection of sea level increases in the forth assessment report?
sinback worked with what college on a time-sharing system?
what food upsets the balance of microbial populations?
what does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of?
when was the rso nations team the top ranked in north america?
how many focuses where there in report p-2626?
what tends to lead to more money?
besides 1,3 and 7, what other number must all primes greater than 5 end with?
what is a common occurrence during summer days?
what did the concept hope to achieve?
 the us expansion westward could be viewed as what type of non-colonialism?
who donated a half billion dollars to the university's booth school of business?
how many reconstructions covered more than 10,000 years?
besides rivers, what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers?
what cells are unable to remember specific pathogens?
what organization has stopped being a major disruptive force in palestine?
how quickly do plankton populations grow due to hermaphrodism and early reproduction?
can packets ever collide in route?
how are public schools funded?
what did thoreau claim about the majority?
in 1940, what percentage of the population in fresno was asian?
what do the membership of the committees reflect?
what does the atlantic ocean flow into?
did davies develop his concept with the intention of monetizing it?
what famous conductor went to harvard?
what path changes the direction of an object?
what did foreign clones of datapac allow for 
what was the english name of gou's calendar?
what is the royal castle the most interesting example of?
where is the oldest known rock in the world located?
final proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united states parliament in what year?
what type of fossils were found in china?
how do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources?
are most ctenophores the same or a different color?
who made the first to measure value of the newton universal gravitation constant?
what policy gave britain dominance in world trade?
what is the purpose of the aser?
who else besides genoa traded with kaffa?
where did the rhine occupy during the holocene?
dendritic cells present antigens to what cells of the adaptive nervous system?
what is another term for university-preparatory schools?
what goal does islamism have when it comes to society and government?
how were british able to cut supplies to louisbourg?
what are the two major subtypes of t cells?
which council's investigation found no statistical failings?
what are colonial powers blamed for?
are california bungalows located in the north or east?
how long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth?
who set up what became the second warsaw republic?
what wasn't the goal of braddock's expedition?
what bridge did the germans fail to demolish?
when was a study published confirming the 2001 ipcc projections?
what kind of disorders occur when part of the immune system isn't active?
how is circuit switching allocated 
how did rand use this network?
what is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn?
where in central asia did the han chinese move?
 when did great britain colonize outside of australia?
what do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together?
primitive jawless vertebrates possess an array of receptors referred to as what?
when did the netherlands begin to occupy the late-glacial valley?
which graph was supported by mcintyre and mckitrick?
if a constituency msp is forced from parliament, what does it trigger?
brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard?
where is the mouth located on an aboral?
how far apart are some of the neighborhood's features?
how old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ?
what happened to the bank of italy building?
how old are the gravestones that reference the plague?
why is the current sea level rising?
when did washington reach fort le boeuf?
what was jacksonville referred to before the consolidation?
where is the rhine? 
when did zhu publish 'jade mirror of the four unknowns'?
how long might a speaker address the members during the time of reflection?
conservative islam classifies muslims who follow shia interpretation as what?
when was the first roman war?
what is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber?
how did the network deliver the data?
where does hamas want to establish an islamic state?
when did the second edition of gasquet's book come out?
what do some government officials give in response to illegal actions?
what do the vesticles on tentilla contain?
what do new homes comprise the majority of?
according to 1 million contractors  what was the annual revenue in 2014?
how much do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100?
in what year did the black death spread into iceland?
what is necessary to disobey?
lower rates of health and social problems are just two of examples of effects from what?
on which corner is the shopping center located?
where were french north americans unsettled?
the west lutheran question is known as what?
where can population estimates be extrapolated from?
where are the upper rhine and upper danube crossed?
how successful was initial effort by braddock?
what gang entered the west side in 2008?
what was established in 1809?
which district in fresno is known as the center for the heavy metal community?
what happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p?
what does the plos pathogen paper claim?
what did the us department of defense gain from their funding to rand corporation?
what is the outer core called?
how long is the rhine? 
what happened after henry ware and samuel webber died?
how much do ctenophore eat in a day?
who gave her royal assent to the scotland act of 1998?
what alumni was also obama's campaign adviser?
 what type of interpretation of islam does salafism discourage?
what british general negotiated at toronto?
what force is weaker than gravity over short distances?
if there is no radio or 10base5, how are the packets delivered?
what lands were reserved for the french?
what amount did harvard cut from their 2012 financial aid reserve?
when was the european portion of the six years war complete?
how many botanical gardens does warsaw have?
in the range between 1980 and 1990, what did demand for grow?
what cells are not eliminated by the immune system?
what is another term for year 12 of education?
what is one problem with internet pharmacies?
what did 'da yuan tong zhi' mean?
king sigimund's column is an example of what kind of attraction in unesco?
what did plato's perspective on science combine?
killer t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules?
what will maidens be able to predict by floating their programmes down the vistula
what car is licensed by the fso tico factory and built in egypt?
why is the final bill passed to the monarch?
what is another name for the sheath the mouth can be withdrawn to?
how do mesoglea control how brackish body fluids are?
what is a statocyst?
who was famous for disobedience against a tax collector?
when was the rhine fully within the holy roman empire?
what does warsaw palace's mixture of architectural styles reflect?
when did building activity occur on banki palace?
when was the defeat of napoleonic france?
what legitimate dynasty came after the yuan?
what do the top 400 richest americans have more of than half of all americans combined?
what did maududi believe muslim society could be islamic in the absence of?
what would change the rotational inertia of a body under newton's first law of motion?
where did yesun temur die?
when did the germanic tribes claim territory in north and west europe?
what other sea had fish larvae accidentially introduced into it?
whose theory was the theory of continental drift?
who restored the bungalows?
what governor in charge of new france died in 1725?
how many professional schools does the university of higher learning consist of?
what topic do private bills typically have?
why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work?
 what was the only region in europe conquered by the germanic tribes?
what was causing new france to have no issues with resupplying?
what person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything?
how do structural geologists observe the fabric within the rocks?
what has given the american economy a tendency to go "from bubble to bubble"?
what does the failure of a pathogen depend on?
what are shorter growth spells associated with?
what does a u.s. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women?
how wide of an area does the charles river run through?
besides the study of prime numbers, what general theory was considered the official example of the military?
what protocol was popular in the 1970s and 80s for apple?
what principle highlights the significance of real numbers?
what are ctenophora commonly known as?
how would the geographical societies in europe reject certain travelers?
what co-receptor recruits molecules inside the t cell that are responsible for cell activation?
why wouldn't rampant violence prevent people from going to work?
what direction do cilia usually swim?
why was wegener's theory important for understanding the lithosphere?
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was freed?
what work from around 3000bc has significant theorems about infinite numbers?
what did the license to build this type of car expire in 1995?
who can propose the date of the poll be varied by up to three months?
what is an example of a chemical barrier?
which french composer wrote ametrical music using prime numbers?
which canal was dug in france to carry rhine's water?
who was kaidu's uncle?
 when did genghis khan kill great khan?
what don't capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a marxian analysis?
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing how much building material per hour?
what keeps the sensitivity of the immune system at the same levels? 
along with the congregation of christian brothers, what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in ireland?
what have ct scans lead to for doctors and their patients?
when did the first pandemic end?
parliament's temporary home was on the royal mills in what area?
what is the oldest example of financial fault lines? 
the southern flow retains the name ijssel until it flows into what?
a mermaid stopped to rest on the sandy beach by what village?
what other activities does the unfccc require the ipcc to run?
what has an equivalence between mass and space-time?
where did marin build last fort?
what experiments are used to understand how magma flows?
what are produced from a large number of genes?
over 100 egyptian police were victims of what group's campaign of terror?
how old were the fossils found in china?
 where did china border kublai's territory?
 which regions have non-temperate climates?
the 1989 scottish constitutional convention provided very little basis for the structure of what?
what did olivier roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century?
how much more land does the school own in allston than cambridge?
some debate that there is a correlation between capitalism, imperialism, and what?
what do structural geologists do with measurements of fabric in crystals?
what is the mouth of a pleuobrachia kept in?
what specific groups are found within the mexican-american population?
as of january 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of?
what kind of french art is kept at the arthur m. sackler museum?
what type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformational processes?
what do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients not resemble?
what was the insignificance of british win?
 maududi believed that islam needed what to not be established?
how many items is the university library home to?
newton's third law asserts the inverse proportionality of acceleration to what?
what did decnet originally do 
what are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 6 or more numbers called?
around roughly how many students enroll yearly in creative and performing arts classes?
what is a description of an associated company contract?
who were formerly housed at sever hall?
as of 2017, how many courses are required under core?
what changes the mineral content of a rock?
who is the hero who killed a dragon on the drachenfels?
 western imperialism united the globe according to which theory?
what is the name of the museum and research center for near eastern studies, that is owned by the university?
what are two types of faults that happen in the shallow crust?
who is the white house coordinator of security planning and also an anthropologist?
where did france lose a war in the 1950's?
what did nsfnet eventually provide
who was the second female nobel laureate ?
to what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for?
what vote on a bill takes place in stage 3?
eicosanoids include what compounds that result in fever and blood vessel dilation?
what path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer? 
who was boleslaw ii of masovia?
 what was tugh temur not known for?
what does cutting a key bed help an older rock form?
what public policy school found it's home in the building that ludwig mies van der rohe designed?
jacksonville began to suffer and decline after what major world event?
any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who?
how many casualties didn't british get?
what is a fourth possible source for tumor antigens?
why do islamists need democratic elections?
what is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools?
what was constructed to supported nsf in 1985-1999?
what can be considered as a function of market price of skill?
what gives sedimentary rock its characteristic fabric?
what is the force called rgarding a potential field between two locations?
what cultures were not part of kublai's administration?
what is the name of the smallest university press in the us?
who founded the office of western medicine?
what was loudoun's plans for 1775?
where are the gonads located?
when was did warsaw's stock exchange decline?
who do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public?
how many weight rooms are in the malkin athletic center
what fortification was built in the 19th century after the defeat of the november uprising?
when would the occupation of allies leave rhineland?
in what year was the eastern roman empire established?
how much land does cambridge own in allston?
who first described dynamic equilibrium?
 who ended the yuan dynasty?
in autoimmune disorders, the immune system doesn't distinguish between what types of cells?
who financed the original board of trustees?
what is economic liberalism not one of the causes of?
the 4 sales and service centers are viewed as 
 when was the heyday of secular non-arab nationalism?
where is the western canal regulation of the rhine?
when was the tower theatre built?
what is a major reason judges use morality against crime?
what did michigan inc. start in the mid-1980s?
what slowed the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1901?
who proposed that water displaced through the projectile's path carries the projectile to its target?
who took over the san joaquin valley railroad branchlines?
how is packet mode communication implemented 
the majority of building construction jobs are what?
what did tymnet connect 
what inertia exists because of newton's fourth law of motion?
when was berlin's first stock exchange established?
what is considered as a potential disadvantage for wealth for some americans?
how many student dorms were there in use at harvard in 2012?
what is the estimated death toll for polish civilians? 
what acts in no particular direction?
how sure did the statement say scientists were that temperatures would keep rising?
a plea of no contest is a compromose between a creative plea and pleading what?
what is the only way to forward packets?
when was the regime in pakistan accepted by general zia-ul-haq?
what type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals?
who was defeated by montcalm at quebec?
over how may species of trees can be found in the caucasian garden?
what is one thing that copepods like to eat?
what is the name of the famous rock that the rhine flows into?
what group needs to decide if they should make a creative plea or not?
what is happening to the number of government schools in rural india?
how many undeveloped countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from?
who was warsz?
what was the very first television station to broadcast in fresno?
what happens when cilia and arbol clap their lobes?
what can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium?
in what year was the school formed?
what makes detection by killer t cells more likely?
why is there a need for a dedicated path?
what dynasty did zhang rhou help attack?
what can people work towards if they aren't denied their functionings, capabilities and agency?
what is located after rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz?
where did american troops remain stationed after saddam's win?
what town is surrounded by jacksonville?
what doctorate program has been offered since 1996?
who wrote that its difficult to formulate a definition of grammatical niceties?
what contributes the least amount of water to the area?
what group will rarely run a public school?
where does newly created wealth concentrate? 
why was telenet purchased in 1979? 
who did jacksonville support with supplies during the revolutionary war?
linux became a networking powerhouse in the 1980s for what reason?
when did zhu publish 'jade mirror of the five unknowns'?
when was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms?
an object suspended on a horizontal spring scale experiences the force of what?
telstra started what in the early 1980s?
which part of japan had people ranked lower in the class system?
besides leibniz, what other mathematician proved the validity of fermat's little theorem?
which islands compise a larger number of electors?
what molecules are repelled by pathogenic antigens?
what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging?
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1979?
what captured the vosges mountains?
what systems classify trade contractors?
what happens when an antigen fails to bind to an immune receptor?
what is another name a formation? 
when did the channel 4 documentary undercover mosque air?
in an ideal moral society, what would all citizens be free from?
when was the authoritative brockhaus enzyklopädie written?
contracts must be designed to ensure what?
 who didn't the mongols send to bukhara as administrators?
how is civil disobedience typically defined in connection of the citizen's?
when political inequality is smaller, more waste and pollution is?
what are sedimentary layers used to investigate?
what equilibrium occurs in fluctuating velocity motion?
where does the middle rhine flow between bingen and bonn?
state route 168 head west of what?
what was ban ki-moon the secretary general of?
where did maududi's books place islam?
who was kublai khan's grandfather?
what is the name of the bridge over the longwood medical and academic area?
what do some theories claim about civil disobedience?
how many times did maclure cross the union states?
where in katyn are patriotic and political objects connected with poland's struggles for independence found?
newton realized that gravitational deceleration was proportional to what?
what was telenet 
when did khan establish the great yuan?
what is subtracted to its constituency seats?
 what wasn't apolitical islam?
what does the second timeline compress?
when did the bubonic plague begin in europe?
what needs to happen to prevent building authority regulations?
what issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education?
what kind of non-peer-reviewed sources does the ipcc use?
what else was avoided by pharmas?
the former administrative building of the lothian regional council on george v bridge was used for what?
what is the name of the latest epoch?
how much of the noord river flows into the north sea?
how many organizations issued the joint statement on climate change?
why are some forces due to that are impossible to model?
what male sex hormone is an immunostimulator?
what is one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized?
what responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to?
what proceeded along the lines of unification of similar ideas?
how many bits are often in the primes used for rsa private key cryptography algorithms?
what is a non-islamic revival movement?
what nationality was paul-louis simond?
what is a main duty of the gphc?
the perceived british policy of being hands off of its muslim population has resulted in what derogatory term for france?
what new product did bank of america introduce in 1958?
uchicago claims to have what kind of learning experience compared to other universities? 
what profession does zbigniew badowski have?
which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic?
what do custom designed homes dictate in the area?
 why were eastern chinese ranked lower?
why aren't the examples of parisian architecture visible today?
what three things are needed for construction to take place?
what type of committees exist in the fifth session?
what two types of activity are associated with the canadian shield?
 what was zia-ul-haq's non-official state ideology?
what mainlines head west and south from the city?
why would course content funding be restricted by the courts?
what is one thing cilia don't have?
how aren't incomes distributed in sweden?
the amount of land a country controls is its worst what?
what suffered considerably for bloc when it had an eastern economy?
along with the anglican church and uniting church, what religious denomination operates private schools in australia?
what sea does the rhine flow out of?
what is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries?
what institute published findings in september 2012 regarding the forbes richest 400 americans?
where did barack obama give his last speech in 2016?
what garden was formally only for running?
what does the aboral use its comb rows as?
who lived in a tree to prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience?
who calculated the speed of light?
what type of group is the islamic state?
other than scotland's chief law officer, from whence are most ministers drawn from amongst?
 what kind of division of power did kublai's government never have?
what will a society with less equality have?
what did the hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage?
what type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression?
what happens in a phase 2 contract?
dnic allowed a host to do what? 
where does lake constance emerge from?
how is unregistered property held in informal form?
how much success didn't this expedition with braddock find?
what is unimportant in sar?
how far is fresno city college from the tower district?
when did kublai move the mongol capital?
how many factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett identify?
what do job types and levels of experience show in the results?
which genus of ctenophores does not have cydipped-like larvae?
what isn't economic growth insufficient for progress on?
what kind of immune response do smaller drugs provoke?
 who had kublai wanted to precede him?
where is the airport located?
autumn summer jazz days is one of the many what hosted by warsaw?
what does obersee mean?
who was the only man to study medicinal properties of plants in ancient greece?
how many khitan tumens were there?
what does salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with?
what other clashes were involved in taking louisbourg?
 where did france lose a war in the 1930's?
according to the princeton review where has harvard ranked as a "dream college" in 2013
how many types of movements do euplokamis tentilla have?
how long does it take to build electrical facilities?
 what philosophies overlay chinese medicine?
what is underrepresented in epitope regions?
the ottoman empire controlled territory on three continents, africa, asia and which other?
nsf began in 1985 to promote what?
who does the carnegie foundation depend on for some aspects of undergraduate education?
what well known political scientists are currently on the university's faculty?
what is one of the minor treaty's on climate change?
how is income determined in a market with variously unskilled workers?
 who did the nif regime not harbor prior to 9/11?
 what illegitimate dynasty came before the yuan?
what time framd does the seven years war cover?
what is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist's job?
what does civil disobedience protest against?
what smaller weaker swimmers do amphipods feed on?
what did baran call his message routing methodology?
who was the leader of the islamist regime in sudan?
where were the germanic tribes not originally located?
 where did rejection from governmental and religious groups come from?
 colonies were a sign of what amongst asian countries?
what are those from jacksonville sometimes called?
what are the laws of physics of galileo, in reference to objest in motion and rest?
who did the government refuse to pay?
what region of the rhine was changed by the rhine straightening program?
how many examination boards exist in india?
what was the yuan's plastic money called?
what kind of animals are cilia considered?
if a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast, how many forces can you split the force into?
what happens when business underpays their workers?
many of whose key figures returned to parliament?
where weren't populations centered in colonies?
what is a requirement of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription?
up until 1990, saudi arabia played an important role in restraining what groups?
the first vote of the ballot uses what method to tally the votes?
what reports did michael oppenheimer suggest needed to contain a broad exploration of certainties? 
his poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest?
what impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on lower earners?
what is the island off of the german shore of the rhine that this warm and cold water meet?
ediacaran eoandromeda can be regarded to represent what?
who did kublai make the ruler of korea?
where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter?
 when was the office of eastern medicine founded?
how many geomorphologic formations is warsaw on?
 who did the us refuse aid to, to fight against the soviet union?
when was the american philosophical society created?
what religion's schools does the term 'parochial schools' generally refer to?
what are some causes of reduced immune function in developed countries?
what is the sea level of the english channel?
who was iqbal a critic of?
what is the english translation of kunskapsskolan?
what was used by the west to justify control over eastern territories?
which plateau is the left part of warsaw on?
excessive bureaucratic red tape isn't one of the reasons for what type of ownership?
what is the name of the student improvisational theater troupe?
why did vilnius become the capital of the commonwealth?
matter particles are shown as what kind of lines in a feynman diagram?
what is another plague thought to have spread the same way?
who separated a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations?
where did maududi exert the most impact?
from whom were the movement that eliot followed derived?
what is included in medication therapy management?
colonialism often means a country doing what?
what is another word for seafloor spreading?
what pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers?
what is formed when a phagosome fuses with a lysosome?
what were show made out of?
when was greek and indian literature destroyed by conquests?
why did french feel they had no right to ohio claim?
a decline in scottish nationalism during the 1960s fueled what?
is what industry was attracted to jacksonville in the early nineteenth century?
how are the statocysts spaced?
when did the the german army re-occupy britain and france?
what types of organizations are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic mobility?
what evolved in later vertebrates?
in which decade did the university begin several thousand dollar expansion projects?
who does a gender pay gap tend to favor?
besides drugs, what else do specialty pharmacies provide?
 what does colonialism and imperialism share?
were the centers profitable
where is visa inc. located?
what doesn't private ownership create a situation of?
what did thoreau believe about talking to police officers?
what museum preserves the memory of independence?
refineries, process chemical, power generation, mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction?
which park is home to the fresno chafffee zoo?
what is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa?
 when did great britain gain its colonies in north america?
 when is the latest most marxists claim imperialism as an extension of capitalism has its roots
when did tides and currents similar to our current system begin?
who wrote about the great pestilence in 1893?
what is 'grey literature'?
how did saint-girard respond to washington?
when is the earliest britain had an imperialist policy?
what former studio in jacksonville has been converted to a modern film museum?
which timeline is the most accurate?
what is a virtual connection?
how are ergänzungsschulen funded?
what is released by pores in the comb rows?
what cell type is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life?
what do construction workers with 14 years of experience earn in the middle east?
when did napoleon die?
decnet ii protocols were designed by who?
 who stated he did not want israel to vanish?
what do toxins that fail to enter an organism encounter?
who did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor?
what political response was convening in june/july 1754?
according to the wealth concentration theory, what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth?
what is stratigraphy?
which law is a rule of vector addition?
who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his poems?
what court case desegregated schools in the united states?
what banks are usually sparsely populated and lack industrialization?
who defeated montcalm at quebec?
when does a t cell identify pathogens?
what kind of deprivation results in diminished immune response and lower antibody production?
what was shen kuo's religion?
how many people per square mile lived in fresno in 2010?
how many vector equations did heaviside and gibbs reformilate maxwell's 20 scalar equtions into?
how many different species of ctenohore are there?
packet switching had a goal of creating what? 
how many englishmen won battle of carillon?
what is the estimated death toll for the red army?
 who had toghtogha tried to defend?
when did income inequality begin to increase in the us?
what were the saxon palace and bruhl palace in prewar paris?
what was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie?
how many individual libraries make up the main school library?
more in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be?
how many homes did the pacific improvement corporation build?
what author is best known for his book the metaphysical club?
the second law contradicts what belief?
sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock?
what does pharmacy legislation mandate?
how many bodies did public health england exhume? 
what bacteria lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis?
how great were the losses suffered in the the financial crisis of 2008-09 to harvard endowment?
what type of movement is the muslim brotherhood?
in sept 1760 who negotiated a capitulation from montreal?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5, then according to gluga's theorem, what type of decimal wil 1/p always be?
what is the term for any large construction project?
who wrote the book "capital in the twenty-first century"?
what was a major success, especially in rebuilding warsaw?
what do studies on metamorphism through pressure help clarify?
what organization can only certain members belong to?
what was the california state university renamed as?
what is the first major city in the stream of the rhine?
who was the medical report written for?
what type of ideals generalize noetherian arithmetic?
how is circuit switching charecterized 
what club won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships?
although some acadians went to france and other destiantions, what north american city did many not move to?
why is majority rule used?
where are health and social problems most common?
when was the germany pitsudski war fought?
policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what?
what do geochronologists analyze fossils from drill cores for?
what increases or decreases in response to static friction?
what is the name for the period when members address speakers for up to four minutes?
how many rows of statocysts are there?
where did british resettle many acadians?
where wasn't shirley planning an expedition?
what geochemist developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating?
what does the current high level of population have a large impact on?
what isn't raghuram rajan's career?
what was the ship of john of london called?
while packets are labeled correctly what can happen to them?
what did thoreau ask a public figure the taxman to do?
what changed the delta in the first half of the 20th century?
what does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people?
what fortified this concept?
what was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand?
what percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from harvard was in the form of grants?
what percentage of people died of the black death in central asia?
 what did the taliban want to subject a small part of the country to?
what religions did tugh temur follow?
what metaphors explained global warming? 
when has bloc seen many improvements?
where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building?
what modern math concept did zhu shijie do work similar to?
how did the islamic group's campaign to overthrow the government turn out?
in what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1756?
colonies were a sign of what amongst european countries?
what is an example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels?
which state route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards?
was the use of the datanet 1 name correct 
what to architects in the us/canada earn yearly?
what is it called when a pathogen spends most of its lifecycle outside of host cells? 
what kind of school is a sonderungsverbot?
what applies to equally to constant velocity motion as it does to rest.
what includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume?
who voted against jacksonville's annexation?
what does private ownership create a situation of?
where was the feb 2010 call for change published?
 what do radical islamist organizations accept entirely?
what period was 2.5 million years ago?
in what country did the y. p. orientalis genome originate?
what motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by?
when was the deportation of acadians?
what was the network operated by the duct ptt telecom?
 when did the ottoman empire rise?
the owner typically awards a contract to who?
what do tumor cells release that strengthens the immune response?
what did the mongol elites wish buyantu didn't do?
how many prominent tentacles were found 1996?
the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what?
who did the us provide aid to, to fight against the soviet union?
what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is expressed in the sum of two primes?
what is the total number of professors, instructors, and lecturers at harvard?
what program provides financial assistance for tuition and fees for a college or technical education?
what is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers?
what sector include utility distribution and refineries?
what did the gulf war inadvertently do in the early 1990s?
what is the last line of defense against infection?
what is the name of one impressive continuation of the carmichael primality test?
what do analog models include in the pathway for metamorphism?
what goods were sold in a pharma?
what types of other schools is the city of harris well known for?
what type of ideals generalize prime elements?
what are the specific divisors of all even numbers larger than 2?
what is the process by which pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called?
on what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely twice based on?
who did john b watson and david graeber discover a fossil of?
what did the english root pharmakos imply?
what project structures assist the owner in integration?
how many members in the seats of the scottish parliament are members of the scottish government?
who did the mongols give control of korea?
what did the judge have to let the jurors know about in the chicago eight case?
 what have muslims rejected hamas for doing?
what is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves?
 who was thought to have loved tugh temur?
what is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings?
what is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system?
what type of interpretation of islam does salafism promote?
what term does the uk, australia and canada always use when referring to universities?
how much has been written about the subject of grammar?
the principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution?
how many professors does the music university of technology employ?
what financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field?
where did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic retreat?
common sense realism of what scottish philosophers did agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge?
what position was walter camp on harvard's football team?
which theorem states that all large even integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes?
focus on what is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry.
what shakespeare scholar is a faculty member at harvard?
in what states are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority?
why was the rhine regulated? 
if three identical fermions have a symmetric spin, the spatial variables must be what?
which university's library system consists of 12 libraries?
who was on celery's expedition?
how much support is there for the un approach to economic development?
where does a phagocyte get stuck in a pathogen?
how much water flows out of the pannerdens kanaal?
what kind of t cells have the purpose of modulating the immune response?
in macroscopic open systems, non conservative forces act to do what?
what rank for most populous city in the european union does warsaw hold?
dec originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers 
what building was a gift from poland?
what can the ipcc's report deadlines cause to be omitted?
what did hutton believe was formed in one catastrophic event?
how many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1967?
what have government regulations given public schools recently?
where does the cold water mix with lake constance?
in what year did alexandre yersin discover the yersinia pestis?
what did the ipcc complain was happening from government oversight?
what allows for responses that are not tailored to a specific pathogen?
in what year did the black death reach the mediterranean?
by when did the germanic tribes conquer the celtic peoples?
how many volumes are contained in the library?
which body is composed of 2009 members?
what was rapidly increasing by interstate 5?
why has the muslim brotherhood not facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies?
how many were in langlades expedition?
in what year did the university first see a drop in applications?
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece?
how many interactions are all of the universal forces based on?
what is the name of the german translation of dioscorides' book?
why was this concept generally unpopular prior to donald davies completing his work?
what type of treatment are pharmacists not needed for?
what is a reason for the movement to illegalize importing medicines from other countries?
when was the ipcc fourth assessment report published?
what was the unimportance of the congress?
pitt's plan called for what attacks?
in what form are most hospital medications?
what region of china is hebei part of?
what do gravitational forces act between?
in order to be considered in the bottom percentile, a person would need to amass how much money each year?
in what year did the u of c become one of 7 founding members of the association of chicago universities?
what do no community pharmacies do?
when did augustus find rome?
what happens to sediment layers that are also thinning?
what act convened the old parliament of scotland?
what percentage of people died during the great plague of london in 1665?
which century was there a program to straighten the rhine? 
who used the concept of antiquity in the study of stationary and moving objects?
what is also decided by the presiding officer?
trial division involves dividing n by every integer m less than what?
who did the mongols refuse control of korea?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways, when it buckles upwards it creates what? 
when are some juvenile plankton able to do before becoming an adult?
what disagreement was made for trade with natives and british?
what was there a significant minority of in warsaw?
what is a net of projects and other legal exchanges?
what does paul krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the u.s.?
what is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with?
how many lobes do cilia have?
what us war has a large amount of civil disobedients?
who had influenced arpanet?
what runs from the balancer in the statocyst to the comb rows?
what month, every four years, are the ordinary general elections held on?
what type of scientist is david herlihy?
what was one of the hanseatic cities?
who was responsible for the ancient interpretation of organizational decision making?
what is the most elemental way to test the primality of any division?
what is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville?
what do simple unicellular organisms lack?
what is the average discharge of the moselle to the neckar?
conservative forces are often associated with the transfer of what?
 what weapons were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1880?
why did student applications increase during the 1950s?
when did ronald robinson die?
what was implemented with an x.25 interface? 
how many miles east of berlin is warsaw?
completing p with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers?
who is known for calculating the speed of nuclear reactions?
which duty do some people believe civil disobedients have?
what institution doesn't robert barro hail from?
what are among the most well known experiments in structural geology? 
what is a magazine for design companies?
what is another name for the west side of fresno?
 who rejected the nong shu?
what do engineers offer themselves as for a project?
how many residents were recorded in the 2010 census of jacksonville?
what distinction does radcliffe college have among universities?
in the late 1950s what concept was developed?
what type of housing was erected in warsaw as part of the bricks for warsaw process?
what concept explains why objects continue in constant motion?
where did the song dynasty continue to cause problems for kublai?
can a packet ever be sent to the wrong number?
what functions usually lie with us government ministers?
what do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients resemble?
if the apparant force of two fermions is attractive, what is the spin function?
how many families per square mile are there in fresno?
how can you protest against wbai and its policies as an individual?
how many miles, once completed, will the the lewis s. eaton trail cover?
who mapped the alta vista tract?
shimer university is located in which illinois city?
who set up what became the second polish republic?
for what size natural number does bertrand's postulate hold?
when did the age of imperialism begin?
how are most cilia when moving through the water?
ctenophores are less complex than what other group?
jules ferry thought that the "higher races" don't have a duty to what?
what year did audra mcdonald perform the roles of evita and the wiz?
what did al-gama'a al-islamiyya use to get its way?
what will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades?
the parties that hold the minority of seats in parliament form what?
original intent of nfs funding was to accomplish what task? 
what is the full name of the aser?
what did ghandi decide to use so that everyone would have the same deal?
when did violence start in war?
cydippid are typically what shape?
what was suggested in immunology before the 19th century?
what was the significance of british win?
what was the first us state to have compulsory education?
where did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement?
whose law did not explain the orbit of the planet saturn?
what were select locations connected to? 
where is st. gregory's college located?
how do ctenophores control buoyancy?
where does the paris school of business have campuses?
according to gluga's theorem, what period does 1/p always have assuming p is a prime that is not 2 or 5?
why did the university see a drop in applicants? 
how many companies were listed on the wse on april 2009?
who was drawn to jacksonville in the 1910s?
what was erected in south africa by duke kent-brown to protest harvard?
the university enrolled 5,984 students in the college  and how many in its professional schools?
was the school officially associated with any denomination?
 what type of medicine did otachi reject?
why might customers not order from internet pharmacies?
what was bill aken's ethnicity?
what hormones are produced mostly when awake?
 what was the yuan dynasty called in japanese?
on what basis do the radical non-islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
what was the air force not interested in for their message system? 
what are examples of economic actors?
what was fulton mall renamed as?
what information does history of rock deformation give about crystal structure?
what is used to enhance the effects of inflammation?
when do members vote of the beginning form of the bill?
the presiding officer tries the achieve a balance between similar viewpoints and whom?
which region did not invent the machine gun?
what were the national elections in 1991 canceled by?
what was the average family size with no wife present?
what is the name of another compelling continuation of the carmichael primality test?
 whose puppet did islamists support the saudi regime of being?
what organization did paul baran work with in the united kingdom?
what are the points of quadratic objects?
what debates are closed to the public?
how many types of cilia are there?
if an internal force acts on the system, the center of mass will experience what?
what is the area called where two plates move apart?
when was the peace of westphalia established?
micro-physical considerations yield what?
in the capabilities approach, grow and income aren't considered a means to an end rather than what?
what are pharmacists in the united kingdom being paid less for?
which country had trading posts in india after britain?
who invited washington to fight with him?
what is the definition of agency as it relates to capabilities? 
 who was the 3rd to rule the yuan dynasty?
what is qed short for?
what did mongols worship?
other than 7 and 13, what other year interval do cicadas pupate? 
what storm had the most significant impact on jacksonville?
student enrollment increased as a result of increased crime and poverty in which neighborhood?
what was result of french attack of trading centre?
what style was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in?
what is economic liberalism one of the causes of?
during which decade was there an increase in student applications?
what is the largest ctenophore?
what city has districts with no powiat entitlements?
how much are co2 levels expected to increase over the next 100 years?
what did the people of rome accept as the only fertile plain?
what non-japanese empire did the yuan dynasty succeed?
which theorem can be simplified to the prime ideals theorem?
along with english and mathematics, what subject replaced values education for fourth year students?
what was the second meaning of a chinese word for 'barracks'?
what did using fossils help change for scientists?
when was the the second german empire founded?
when did the name black death officially take root in england?
how far did the sea level drop in the ice ages?
subjects that are inside the legislative competence of the scotland parliament are called what?
what is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities?
what are the little tentacles that cydippids have called?
what places younger units above older units?
what year did the bankamericard become successful?
what was the population of europe in 1665?
where in the ocean are volcano arcs located?
where does the rhine end?
 when was the ottoman caliphate maintained?
what happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the six-day war?
who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions?
who challenged the plague theory first?
what was abnormal british defense?
other than uchicago or simply chicago, what is another term for the university of graham business?
what evolved in modern jawed vertebrates?
who was added to party as washington went on the way?
what conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes  between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2?
packet switching uses what kind of network? 
when is the members debate held?
what is the average construction salary in the middle east?
bell northern research developed transpac as a joint venture between which two companies?
who normally instructs members how to vote?
in what year was the university's 5th president granted his position?
the lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics?
when did tides and currents reach the highest sea-level rise?
in what year was cambridge founded?
where was montcalm focusing the offense for new france?
who is responsible for running the national greenhouse gas inventories programme?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways, when it buckles downwards it creates what? 
what meetings are closed to the public?
which is more sophisticated, numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges? 
how much larger would cicada populations be if predator outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals?
how far from warsaw does the vistula river's environment change noticeably? 
what fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the united states?
 what jewish practice did the yuan keep?
what scientific journal in france published a prior analysis of the black death?
how many contributing authors does an ipcc report chapter have?
how many days did the warsaw uprising last?
when did british government take land for development of ohio country?
how many days does the parliament have to nominate a first minister after a general election?
who do the lead authors prepare graphs and data for?
how is course content provided to a private school?
who announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives? 
who are best known for uncovering the fossil of john b watson?
which theory states that earth's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event?
the maroons are apart of what association?
which is the largest university press in the south side?
how do bills pass through parliament?
who is the chair of the ipcc?
who is usually hired for a design-bid-build contract?
where did the french send a large number of settlers?
what do bottom-dwelling platyctenids usually lack like the adults?
what has the united nations designed isil?
besides the north sea and the irish channel, what else was lowered in the last cold phase?
what else were families with incomes below $38,000 not required to pay for in 2009?
what is the origin of clinical pharmacy?
what was the experiment that tested early life on mars called?
what denomination was the hollis professor of divinity connected to?
at what age do immune responses typically begin to decline?
why was it thought that  ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals?
fossils found that were believed to be ctenophores were how old?
what cell never reacts with self peptides?
how many graduate students does harvard have?
what type of homes is fresno known for?
which ctenophora have been studies the most?
what guide states the univeristy of chicago is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty?
what has technological innovation and automation replaced low-skilled jobs with?
what studies use pluton emplacement?
tymnet worked with what?
how many muslims are in greater london?
what removed a hierarchical structure?
when did income inequality begin to decrease in the us?
how many divisions make up the academics of the university?
petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else? 
what was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction?
which sessions had a majority attendance from non-governmental organizations?
what wasn't loudoun's plans for 1757?
what was the result of the disobedience protesting the nuclear site?
what would income differentials be if individual contributions weren't relevant to the social product?
what is an autoimmune disease that affects women preferentially?
where did the genoese traders bring the plague?
what was a long term goal of french foreign policy along the rhine?
what impacts gender inequality in wages?
if q=9 and a=3,6 or 9, how many primes would be in the progression?
what are the most active parts of ctenophora?
when was the settlement which would become warsaw established?
how are packet mode communications dissolved? 
how did the education during the high school education movement differ from the subsequent high school education?
which region invented the machine gun?
what style was he paris philharmony edifice built in?
 where was the song dynasty's capital?
in what year will the barack obama presidential center be finished?
what results in out of order delivery?
during 2012-2013, how many student were able to take the core classes at a single time?
what philosophies underlay chinese medicine?
other than the ijssel, where does the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute?
one of the earliest writings on india written by fielding h. garrison hypothesized what?
the immune system also produces what molecules in order to allow for tumor destruction by the complement system?
what astronomers is also a university alumni member?
according to disagreement between iroquois and british, where was a strong house to be built?
who may also submit private bills to parliament?
what organization did general gaafar al-nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government?
what is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations?
state educational and economic development where helped by what?
what are two reasons conservatives went to jail?
what was not shaped by sedimentation of the rivers and tidal currents?
where does carpathia rank in terms of population in the eu?
when was the sierra sky park airport formed?
the brotherhood's members are in support of consuming what beverage?
 by what means is imperialism never administered?
the inside of a ctenophore is lined with what?
what type of medicine did mongol shamans use?
what song did bob gallion write?
what happens when b cells and t cells are deactivated?
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists?
what is one work by neumes?
qwest partnered with who to help create internet2?
 when was gou's calendar rejected as the official calendar of the yuan?
did paul baran has assistance from anyone when he developed the concept?
what do magnetic straitigraphers precisely date?
what city later became alaska?
what did standard & poor recommend to speed economy recovery?
what was houghton's role?
where is the office of edward harkness located?
what decade was the country club built in?
what has nothing to do with the speed of the response?
what does not play a role in the immune response to viruses?
what is a trait of sequential hermaphrodites?
in what year was the medical faculty in paris established?
who can question statements the first minister or members of the cabinet make?
very few ministers are drawn from amongst whom?
what astronomer is a hamming code alumni?
 when did the age of imperialism begin?
what did hagen find after he was thrown into the river?
what type of value would the basel function have if there were finite primes?
how were citizens back in europe feeling about news from celeron expedition?
what is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not?
when did menich serve as president?
what un resolution endorsed the ipcc?
what kinds of growth did kublai encourage?
what issue is common in the financial planning field?
what helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor?
 what was not thought to decide a person's behavior?
who typically closes debates?
the snp gave how many seats to labour?
what does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to?
what are flagella also called?
who was one of the most famous people born in warsaw?
what position did the tax collector that arrested thoreau get?
 how did the equal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem?
what nationality aren't researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett?
what time frame does the six years war cover?
who had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest?
what year was 366,273 people in jacksonville?
when did the iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence?
what does extension do to sediment that is less than a meter long?
what report has the problem of a lack of scientific confidence?
where can aeolian sand with a number of terraces be found?
 when did the jip dynasty begin?
what medical school is located in allston?
besides public key cryptography what is another application for military gear?
where does a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship actually land?
what isn't economic growth sufficient for progress on?
specific relativity offers an equivalence between what?
what time did a river system develop in the upper rhine graben?
what forces are responsible for the interactions between atomic particles?
how many people lived in norway in 1348?
how fast is pharmacy informatics growing?
tumor antigens are complexed with mhc class i molecules in the same way as what antigens?
what determines whether the tentacles are on the balancers or not?
where was the packet switching used in the 1980s? 
why do igneous rocks use gravel?
what has cambridge purchased in allston?
what do low levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity?
what stalled the development of houses?
what can be interpreted by individuals to determine if funding for course content is forbidden?
when was radcliffe's curriculum secularized?
 where did france focus its efforts to not rebuild its empire?
what is another way to state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime?
how many seats are in the debating chamber?
in what theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal?
what major crop was brought to china from the west?
in the mid 20th century, who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number?
according to giuga's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime?
why did davies never research his theory, concept, idea, etc. prior to developing it?
what singer was in the hall of fame?
what hasn't given the american economy a tendency to go "from bubble to bubble"?
 what goal does islamism not have when it comes to society and government?
who was not the ideologue of the iranian revolution?
what are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the harvard system?
policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support what type of growth?
why has the rhine been shortened?
what is missing a theory on quantum gravity?
what is another name for lake constance?
what profession did many graduates of cambridge become in 1643?
the rhine gorge is between koblenz and what other city?
who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks?
agassiz's approach to science combined observation and what?
what do bacteria use to move proteins from the host to the pathogen?
what is flexible construction similar to?
who is not required to follow financial rules and regulations?
how do plankton fertilize their eggs?
is the weather of southern europe survivable for fleas?
what kind of rivalry do oxford and cambridge have?
who funds the ipcc's secretary?
what can the non-elected members from the scottish government not do?
how large is the pierre-auguste renoir piece?
which river joins the rhine in duisburg?
what organization did iqbal join in london?
completing q with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers?
what function is related to prime numbers?
what district of warsaw chose the president between 1990 and 1993?
when did the yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters?
who does the presiding officer submit the final bill to?
which border does the rhine flow from the north?
in what year were the oldest additions in hong kong opened?
what is a a developing economy's level of inequality bulging out called?
what was the grand 1401 building renamed as?
what includes all subjects which are not stated in schedule 6 to the scotland act?
what pope as a native of poland?
how long was warsaw the capital of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth?
how much water does the aare give to the rhine?
imperialism does not extend a country's power and what?
newton's fifth law is the result of applying symmetry to what?
if he was arrested, what would happen to the leaflets that were handed out by carter wentworth in court
what do mortgage bankers study regarding the project?
what creates immunological memory before the initial responds to a pathogen?
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1983?
 where did mongke khan defend the song dynasty?
what was the population density in 2000?
why was tanaghrisson rejecting british efforts?
what is warsaw's riding museum one of?
who is the first japanese senator?
when was the first reference in history to prussia?
when did polonia ekstraklasa win the country's championship prior to 2000?
 what type of regime ruled over sudan for many decades?
when did general sejm make vilnius its permanent seat?
in what century was the term pharma last used?
what did paul baran develop in the late 1950's
how was us news and world report ranked in terms of ceo positions in 2011?
who designed the garden for the university library?
what is associated with horizontal forces?
the presiding officer can increase speaking time if what?
what does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws?
when did the egyptian islamic jihad assassinate anwar sadat?
what has happened to sedimentary, volcanic and intrusive rock in the grand canyon?
what percentage of new zealand students attended private schools in april 2014?
what two scientists were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity?
the main quadrangles were a piece of a master plan conceived by how many oxford university trustees?
who called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the islamism ideology?
what is the force that causes rigid strength in structures?
when did the cretaceous-paleogene extinction happen?
who often operates internet pharmacies?
what did mote think the yuan class system really represented?
what is the force exerted by standard gravity on one ton of mass?
how far is jacksonville from miami?
what is warsaw known as in carpathian?
what happened to george carlin after he sent the e-mail?
what is jacksonville's highest recorded monthly temperature?
how long did peat mining from the roman times last for?
objects of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights?.
where were the writings of plato acclaimed in 1846?
how much did students pay in total to go to harvard in 2007?
when did ralph woodward come to fresno?
post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete how many general education classes towards degree?
who is the president of afghanistan?
in 1758 what was duc de choiseul's plan for unfocused military efforts?
what action did brownlee take against gcsb waihopai that caused them to close temporarily?
in what year did el gizouli resign from the ipcc?
who was jacksonville's mayor at the time of the consolidation?
how old is the ncaa division i ivy league competition?
who is one of the authors of the wgi summary?
what two railroads have railyards in the city of fresno?
in what year did the tudor era begin in england?
of what form is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of schinzel's hypothesis?
what happens as they build phase 1?
what did the rhine branch off to form in austria?
what must all research be according to the ipcc guidelines?
what drove decreased rental prices in east new york?
 what was the name of the second german settlement?
after the introduction of x.25 in 1973, how many network technologies had been developed?
what mongolian system did kublai's government uncompromise with?
where did the plague originate?
extensions of what drew taurus to jacksonville?
what is necessary for successfully completing  bidding on a project?
who won the battle of lake george?
what is the hottest temperature record for fresno?
what theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory?
which reports follow a different procedure than the assessment reports?
what types of employees does and interior design firm usually have?
 what monarchy did eastern troops protect?
what is an important concept in crystallization?
what show did lupe mayorga star in?
when was the french and indian war?
what is a no contest plea the same as?
how long is lake constance?
le grand concludes that an author's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology?
what acceptance rate does the early action program have for 2019?
what does factorization of quadratic equations approximate?
who did the attacks resonate least with?
where can ctenophores be found in large amounts?
what was the first state to have set educational standards?
after what event did the spanish concede florida to britain?
who argued for including the graph in the final report?
who won the pullitzer prize as well as the nobel prize?
what forest is by kampinos's southern border?
what letter didn't washington present to saint-pierre ?
where were most municipal services concentrated at?
what party had a victory in the 2015 uk election?
what types of diseases are specialty drugs often used against?
after braddock was born, who controlled north american british forces?
what are higher doses of anti-inflammatory drugs used with?
by what process can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner?
what outcomes are not expected with medication therapy management?
which country did japan force into an alliance?
what cause city funding to increase?
what did the rand corporation do?
what conviction did many poles have regarding how the germans thought of themselves?
what two public agencies conflict under the defnintion of civil disobedience?
 who along with russia supported post ww-i communist movements?
who took isaacs place as provost in 2016?
how much time after charles darwin, did william smith develop the principles of succession?
discovery of gas in the north sea resulted in what?
when was there a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland?
if the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive, what is the spin function?
of poland's inhabitants in 1901, what percentage was catholic?
what was the period called that was 505 million years ago?
haeckelia prey mostly on what animal?
where did mongke khan attack the song dynasty?
what were later yuan emperors interested in?
 what administrative division did kublai leave modified?
what typically sits tuesdays, wednesdays, and fridays?
how did yale introduce a new era in football?
what group has no feeding appendages?
how many types of sediment particles have gained the most attention recently?
how does the ipcc prepare special reports?
what net loss did the conservatives suffer?
what sentence was francis heisler given when she was found guilty?
to calculate instant angular acceleration of a rigid body what would you use?
lots of tumor cells have fewer of what type of molecule on their surface?
when did pachauri resign as chair of the ipcc?
what is the mechanism for plate tectonics?
why did hutton believe the earth needed to be much younger than previously believed?
what did the polish citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii's words to be?
who is credited with the modern name for this system 
strictly speaking who was included in datanet 1
what is an example of a metaphysical concept?
who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it's within the powers of the parliament?
 what type of outlook do some of the non-muslims in london have?
where did john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw?
where are the rows of combs located?
in which year was the gerald palevsky athletic commons developed?
what year did adolf hitler's rise to power?
when did the french construct kings road?
what defense was used by steven barkan?
wbai's broadcasting some of george carlin's comedy eventually led to what?
when did the ottoman empire fall?
by how much did labour lead lain gray retain east lothian?
what neighborhood is edward harkness formerly from?
during what word was jacksonville a key supply point for the north?
what sort of protocols were developed? 
how many chosen numbers exist?
how many people did the islamic state control the territory of as of february 2015?
quantum theory was used to develop a new theory of what?
what modern forms of travel took visitors to other parts of florida?
what types of work did the han do in central asia?
what was a popular type of variety show during the yuan?
 who besides the british colonized asia?
what is not a symptom that is caused by inflammation?
what theory of immunity is no longer influential?
for what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting?
how many layers of cells with a sandwiched jelly-like layer do complex animals have?
what are peptides that help microbes flourish called?
what else contributes to jacksonville's summer storms other than land heating beside the water?
when did the meuse and waal diverge further upstream at gorinchem?
supplies from jacksonville were in support of which faction in the civil war?
what was the first internet2 network created with nlr?
what legion did the romans enter from the other side of the empire?
what lake no longer has any silt?
where does the rhine river's measurement end?
in what year was the domesday book written?
how many people lived in china in the 1300s?
where does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north? 
the maroons compete in what league division?
when was the peel boundary fault discovered?
mps representing english constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country? 
what is the number of constituency msps?
what does not have extended structure?
which one of fresno's hotels burned down?
what group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the austrian government?
why does a higher level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption?
lake constance separates the german state bavaria from what other one?
the paris palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture?
how was the black death spread in europe?
what is level two of the connection-orientated operation? 
 how did hobson argue to not rid the world of imperialism?
what do msps who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do?
what are used in non-typical investigations?
during what war did the western allies cross the rhine bridge at arnhem?
why did the university eventually leave the conference?
something that is considered a non fundamental error is the belief that a force is required to maintain what?
where are reserved matters stated in the scotland act?
a higher capacity network was formed by what project? 
 what city did the grand canal never reach during the yuan?
particle physics has created a unique model to describe what? 
what must the integer m be greater than or equal to when performing trial division?
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical protective barrier following what?
what is donald davies credited with 
where does the pattern of lower income-longer lives still hold true?
commensal flora can change what specific conditions of their environment in the gastrointestinal tract?
what type of languages flourished in the yuan?
what was removed from the list of the unesco world heritage sites?
le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem? 
who ordered loudoun to defend louisbourg?
what type of number do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be?
where are some of the best medical facilities in east-central europe located?
during what period was southern europe discovered?
theories on imperialism use which country as a model?
what doctrine did the doctrine of the principles of geology successfully promote?
x.25 had a simpler what?
why did the navy give a speech in court?
what is creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play? 
what was considered to be a major milestone?
who congratulated the snp on their loss?
where was the summer theatre located?
what are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods?
what type of number generators make use of military gear?
what is primarily and independent effort?
the us expansion westward could be viewed as what type of colonialism?
what do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression? 
civil disobedients have chosen many different kinds of what type of behaviors?
who governed the central region in the yuan?
what day of the week are general elections held?
what does decreasing inequality harm?
mandatory committees exists in the fifth session of what?
what was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that earth's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates?
how many legions in five bases were along the rhine by the romans?
what year did the university open a center in hong kong?
what does the presiding officer try to achieve a balance of between speakers?
when was sir charles lyell born?
who was old france's governor?
when was the bolelsaw duchy reincorporated into the polish crown?
the successful searches for what showed that the elementary particles are not observable?
when did the warsaw uprising begin?
how many primes were included in the early greek's list of prime numbers?
which tribes did genghis khan fight against?
what storm crisscrossed the state hitting jacksonville in 1964?
what does colonialism lack that imperialism has?
how are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt?
where was marin's second fort constructed?
how many total acres is woodward park?
what exactly is a "leaky bucket" in terms of this matter?
which committees do not reflect the balance of parties across parliament?
what did the warsaw confederation formally establish in 1573?
when did robert koch discover the yellow fever virus?
why are memory cells not considered adaptive?
when did jay berwanger win the maynard trophy?
who ordered loudoun to attack louisbourg?
what evidence did plato use to explain life-forms?
what lake in a german island mainau receives a fraction of the rhine's flow?
what minimalist composer is also a university graduate?
plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on tuesday afternoons from 1pm to what?
based on population alone, what is jacksonville's ranking in the united states?
when do vaginal secretions become less acidic?
what causes the population of ctenophora to grow at an explosive rate?
what are most public schools not a part of?
what controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production?
when was operation market garden?
what does the deformation of a rock tell geologists?
jellyfish ans sea anemones belong to what phylum?
what year did the university team up with shimer college?
who issued the royal proclamation of 1736?
how many museums comprise harvard art museums?
who distributes money from the annual trust fund?
 what was the yuan's official state religion?
what is name of the function used for the largest integer not greater than the number in question?
what theory best explains gravity?
what are incompetent government's commitment to social justice not limited to?
the muslim brotherhood's competence compares well against what type of local governments?
why did the demand for rentals decrease?
 when was phags-pa script destroyed?
what is the name of the two-tentacled cydippid that feedsentirely on salps called?
where was the leon theatre located?
according to oxfam, the 58 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people?
of what mathematical nature is the prime problem?
what types of preparation do pharmacists have?
where did many spanish catholic move after british takeover in florida?
in what year did the u of c associate with kalamazoo college, located in mount carroll?
what do helper t cells recognize killer t cells as?
if the packets travel via different routes, then how do they arrive in order?
when was the european portion of the seven years war complete?
the three page kalven report was issued in which year?
how much of the population in the middle east died of the plague?
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 +1/4 ... shows that there is an infinite number of basels?
what number did henri lebesgue not regard as a true number?
what co-receptor makes recognition more difficult?
what are intermediate forwarding nodes?
how many times has ekstraklasa won the cup?
what profession was nathan gorska?
when was the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation (srex) issued?
what does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve?
 what was temur khan's japanese-style name?
what could promote free radical production during sleep times?
from what landmark within fresno does the tower theatre get its name?
what type of skills does the market bid down compensation for?
what served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions?
how many streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1931?
between which two streets along kearney boulevard were wealthy african-americans at one time residing?
what is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form?
when did francia discover that the rhine entered had entered their borders?
what jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the navy?
was the bubonic plague spread faster or slower than modern bubonic plague?
how high were the winds around st. augustine during the 1871 hurricane?
thoreau mentions what type of person could corrupt a government system?
in what year was the charter granted for harvard corporation?
what drew would-be jacksonville tourists to other florida destinations?
setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act?
 which country did japan not force into an alliance?
what space-time path is seen as a curved line in space?
what percentage of british children are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools?
what does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces?
of what form are rational primes?
what yuan policies did muslims dislike?
how long was germany occupied by poland?
what is the active form of vitamin d known as?
what egyptian president jailed hundreds of members of the brotherhood?
when was middle and western francia formed?
a forced trade agreement between two countries is not an example of what?
what is not used by any form of invertebrate?
how many tentacles does the aboral have on its pharynx?
what type of architecture is represented in the st. john's tower?
who caused the dissolution of the holy roman empire?
why do some people purposely resist officers of the law?
what does being a conservative do to the seriousness of a protest?
what are other major fatality causes?
the rotational inertia of planet mars is what fixes the what?
what was the white population of jacksonville as of 2010?
what do molecular biologists believe lagerstatten are closely related to?
in what year did harvard president joseph willard die?
phagocytes can be called to a specific location by what?
what else was used by pharmas?
what type of revolution did maududi advocate?
the city of pritzker is home to which university?
what does 'pax mongolica' mean?
 when did eastern forces invade iraq?
what is viewed as a force in gr?
on what lake did troops defend fort william henry in winter?
what did a greedy merchant do to triton?
when was baryczko constructed?
who wrote the american times bestselling book titled "the closing of the american mind"?
ctenophores and cnidarians are classified as what?
 where did maududi's books not place islam?
which company provides train service in fresno?
the hawaiian islands are made up almost entirely of what?
who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition?
who was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity?
who wrote "the american war"?
the first buildings of the university of oxford are known as what?
how many of the pitt's planned expeditions were successful?
how can you find the absolute age of sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes?
what was the purpose of nsf?
who runs the university of chicago?
as of 2008, about what percentage of swedish students attended private schools?
what type of space in warsaw are the botanic garden and university library garden?
what is the medieval esteve pharmacy no longer used as at present?
what group operates st dominic's college in wanganui?
 what don't supporters of islamism believe their views reflect?
what does the ipcc rely on for research?
what was the name of the first successful credit card?
where in warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with poland's struggles for independence found?
how many societal class divisions were in the plan kublai rejected?
in what part of the city did residents suffer from a lack of city services?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home not have in addition to their prestige?
hat long term agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the east?
abilene referred to what? 
what is no different between online pharmacies and community pharmacies?
what have the two different islamist movements been described as oscillating between?
what is the name of the country's longest continuously running student film society?
what is the key bed?
 when was the the third german empire founded?
what is held inside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries?
what was the name of the peaceful era between france and germany?
in what century did the marine bays join the sea?
in what year was an early admission program reintroduced?
what was the outcome of living in the california redwood tree?
who argued that the ussr had itself become an imperialist power?
what was schuenemann's first name?
how are school fees in the rest of the world compared to ireland?
when was otto von bismarck born?
what type of venue is the autumn wielki?
hutchinson hall was designed to look like what oxford hall?
what started with a zero velocity?
how long as the u.s. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism?
what pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all eukaryotes?
what does non-revolutionary civil disobedience want to overthrow?
the down turned boat skylights are located in what lobby?
what is the average width of the rhine?
in what century did modern bubonic plague strike europe?
what were british plans allied with the french?
which non-governmental groups are participants of the plenary sessions?
what is not the origin of clinical pharmacy?
the bend on the rhine goes from the west to what direction?
an adobe that provides more utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what?
if a matter is not specifically reserved, who is it devolved to?
what fire left 2000 people homeless?
what is used to figure the relative strengh of gravity?
luxury homes were built on what corner?
what type of sentences were the protesters given?
why did al-qaeda tell isil to take a hike?
how does the pathogen kill the phagocyte?
why is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent?
the process of imperialism never focused on controlling which group of people?
what are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called?
what does the magma chamber evolution explain?
what does the template for bills passed by the scottish parliament include?
a flow of water can not be considered an artifact of what?
who decides who gets to address the members of parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith?
what is the mayor of menich called?
what do closed rivers serve as after they close?
 who did britain not exploit in india?
what does the current low level of population have a large impact on?
what did france offer that was rare by imperial standards?
 what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked innocent of?
what was the ratio of british settler to english?
what does the urban education institute help run?
what encouraged trade under the yuan?
what news magazine transitioned to being exclusively online in 2009?
what policy did the kelven report contain?
what is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries?
what political response was convening in june/july 1745?
how long is the rhine?
 what did mote think the yuan class system didn't represent?
who threw hagen into the river?
sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called?
what has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the un?
what has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth?
what is the scottish parliament currently in the fourth of?
what union is antonis samaras a part of?
where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000?
what wasn't william johnson's role in british military?
what period did the emergence of feeding mechanisms come from?
what was considered to be incorrect for the services given out by kpn?
what year was casimir wola born in warsaw?
when was the fresno county courthouse demolished?
what year was chinatown founded?
in the eu in 2009, what was the fatal injury rate among construction workers?
what method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot?
what does ctenophora rely on for digestion and respiration?
what river runs alongside jacksonville?
where do plenary meetings take place?
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance?
how did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology?
what is an example of a less sophisticated defense mechanism that jawed vertebrates have?
what are you surrounded with if trying to study about violence in society?
when did hamas drive the plo out of gaza?
at what level are 13% of children in scottish independent schools?
the receptors on a killer t cell must bind to how many mhc: antigen complexes in order to activate the cell?
what theory led to quantum electromagnetics?
what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot?
what is the height of the section that turns north? 
how much of the student population went to private schools in 1984?
some people describe what between individuals or groups as imperialism or colonialism?
what does the rhine merge with outside of germany?
what is the crystal lattice made out of?
what is featured on the city of fresno's city flag?
what is the name of the longest bridge in germany?
how large is the san joaquin valley?
what was the the movement called that brought baltic countries independence from the soviet union?
as of 2014 how quickly is building material being printed?
what is nsfnet
how well are teachers paid in public schools in australia?
what do magnetic stratigraphers use isotopes to study?
where was french advance to?
when was the rhine measurement corrected back to the original?
what is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2?
salafism posits that democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the 20th century?
the chicago government is made up of what type of students?
how many museums are in warsaw?
what is thomas b. edsall's profession?
who discovered pottery found on black hammock island?
what type of number theory utilizes and studies noetherian arithmetic?
juvenile platyctenids act like what?
what experiment can be performed on large settings that cannot be on small settings?
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom?
in what year did the second wave of the plague hit the netherlands?
in what year did the scavenger hunt begin?
what is used by certain unwealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them?
during which period did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich?
having existing utility lines marked lessens the likelihood of what?
the smallest party in parliament sits in the middle of what?
in what city did the king of france live?
 how many non-muslim empires have used imperialism?
le grand asks for a variance of what three terms?
what year is average co2 levels expected to increase by 90%?
what is the highest range a student would pay when boarding  in a scottish school?
what was the population density in 1970?
what is pedanius dioscorides known for?
what do the cbse and the cisce both have the power to govern?
 how old was toghun temur when he became senator?
how many city officials were indicted due to corruption?
cells of the site of an infection in a plant undergo what process to prevent spread of the disease?
what percentage of whites are hispanic or latino?
 when did otto von bismarck die?
orientalism refers to how the south developed a what of the north?
who wasn't given land by british goovernment for development of ohio country?
what body constitutes the supreme legislature of scotland?
what does critically tapered mean? 
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described?
when did the middle school education movement occur?
when did the rhine stop being the roman boundary?
who do preparatory schools in scotland prepare to enter public schools?
an igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what?
when was there a reduction in the number of scottish mps?
what can't work to even the distribution of wealth?
what was the end of the war of the austrian succession?
what substances do healthy cells produce?
are link parameters based on size?
what does the museum of the polish army portray the history of?
in what month and year did the black death spread into france?
what equation desribed the physics of force before the current schrodinger equation?
what is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own?
what organization is devoted to jihad against israel?
in u.s. states, what happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones?
what is the oldest exhibition site in ujazdow?
how much of the lake connecting with the rhine can you see from the german islands?
what is considered at a meeting of part of parliament?
what did the university undergo during hutchins 33 year tenure?
the largest construction projects are known as what?
what century did the spelling with rh- in english rhine come from?
how long have humans been impacting the delta for?
what is the english translation of tawhid?
how are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to?
what had bhutto planned on banning within six months, before he was overthrown?
what paleontologists are currently on the university's faculty?
along with trusts, what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in india?
who defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship?
 what type of sanctions has canada directed at iran?
what's one factor in eroding self-esteem?
which provinces in canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing?
what is used to estimate emissions?
how fast were the winds around st. augustine in the 1964 hurricane?
who announced that she would not step down as party leader?
when was the essay written by modern activists published?
what exposed the former coasts of europe?
who was new france's governor?
when do antibodies not circulate in?
who named the pathogen yersinia pestis?
where are neutrophils rarely found?
the muslim brotherhood's competence does not compare against what type of local governments?
where is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located?
who was warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the jewish government?
how unsuccessful was initial effort by braddock?
what do symbolic protests accomplish according to julia butterfly hill?
what language other than english has the scottish parliament had meetings in?
what continued southward and is also considered the first rhine river?
what do epithelial cells have at the oral end?
what was new briton's response to celeron?
what has the fish larvae caused a sharp drop in?
how many projects does the centre currently realize a year?
revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who? 
what event did cornell win in 2003?
how much revenue is private?
what alumni was also an attorney general and a federal judge?
what other role do many pharmacists avoid?
when was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles?
what kind of rock did the hero siegfried discover?
what cells do not possess an alternative t cell receptor?
the area where jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years?
who explored ohio territory in 1570?
 where does pamas originate?
 where did a not-bloody civil war break out?
what forces shouldn't serve as a brake on wealth concentration?
what percentage of the student body is accepted to the phi beta kappa honor society each year?
who has limited productive potential when faced with less access to education?
who won the nobel prize in 1905?
what position in the government does robert gates hold?
who leads the qwest consortium?
when was the british east india company established?
what are antibodies never generated to fight?
the west saw the east as what?
why were roman catholic schools founded?
what were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have?
what memoir did william smith write that was published in the society's transactions?
what do wages work in the same way as for any other good?
what type of movies were produced in jacksonville's 30 studios?
in sept 1706 who negotiated a capitulation from montreal?
what food bacteria is an example of intracellular pathogenesis?
parliament elects a second minister from whom?
in which magazine did oppenheimer defend the consensus approach?
what are auricles?
 who led a mongol defense on the song dynasty?
what doesn't introduce inequality to a country?
how many people work for kunskapsskolan schools?
what does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power?
what play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience?
how did hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism?
how can you protest against the government in an individual way?
about how many of the asian population was hmong?
 what government department did buyantu approve?
 friedrich ratzel thought what was not needed for a state to survive?
what do extremely unequal societies tend to be?
when was the third assessment report published?
aside from 113 research institutes, how many research centers does the u of c operate?
the beneden merwede branches off from the northern branch into what?
what other person was involved in the case with runyon in 1972?
how else can petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear?
it is now possible to convert old relative ages into what type of ages using isotopic dating?
how was sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to keep egypt from being in modern times and civilization?
the laws of physics change from being at rest when travelling in a what?
where was the muslim brotherhood founded?
what civilization was the first known to clearly study infinite numbers?
who was it essential to islam to imitate?
who was the university's 5th president?
what month did the bankamericard creator resign?
who does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage?
what is the axis of warsaw which divides it into two parts?
what does the water flow of the rhine merge with after flowing through merwede?
what happens to some sheaths on cydippids to change their size?
who realized that only some celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion?
the u of c has ties to several dependent institutions, including?
who moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596?
what city proper has a population of 1,345,596?
what percentage of hours of light are there in december?
when did hitler order the annihilation of the german ghetto?
how are the differences in engineering  recognized?
what set is a seat added to after being allocated?
what is the youngest rock to metamorphosize?
which section of the rhine is most factories found?
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757?
what did ghandi think that using your conscience accomplished?
during which years was the plague present in islamic countries?
in 1846 who's natural history lectures were acclaimed in new york and harvard?
what is the eukaryotic parasite responsible for malaria known as?
what other clashes weren't involved in taking louisbourg?
on what date did john lawrence daly present the ipcc 1995 report?
 what organization is devoted to jihad against iraq?
who serves as attorney general as well as top political advisor to the president?
how many people in quzhou are descended from confucius?
when did the il-khanate experiment with paper money?
what is another word for the study of past and current life?
who created arpanet in the united states?
originally built with four layers, how many layers did dec evolve to have?
what were the saxon palace and brühl palace in prewar warsaw?
what park covers an area of 76 ha.?
 who was the third of kublai's chinese advisers?
n what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1765?
what are xenoliths made out of?
when the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed? 
which theorem would be invalid if the number 1 were considered prime?
an adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what?
where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school?
where was an elected assembly to be set up, under the terms of the scotland act of 1978?
what was the population of stockholm?
which khanates had not converted to islam?
how many beds does the maria sklodowska-curie institute of oncology have?
what are the three building subsectors?
who was not an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in india?
gamma delta t cells share the characteristics of what other types of t cells?
which country does the rhine encounter it's main tributaries?
in order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds, structural geologists do what with measurements of geological structures?
what sorts of items are displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum?
when do juvenile develop into adults?
what organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits?
who developed the finnish research network, the cyclades packet?
who was given a projection included in the final summary?
how many affiliates are connected to the acg new zealand international college?
what plans of the british did this attach on oneida carry set back?
what are killer t cells dis-activated by?
what south african law recognized two types of schools?
by when did most of france's colonies gain independence?
which journal was the joint statement published in?
what will a society with more equality have?
where was war fought?
melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the production of what?
where did ribault erect the flag claiming the land for france?
how are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties?
what does the loss of the thymus at an early age prevent?
at millingen aan de rijn where the rhine splits, what does it change it's name to?
trial division involves dividing n by every integer m greater than what?
what political leaning does the cato institute have?
what did charles darwin publish in 1830?
 what type of practices did the yuan introduce in government?
what is the axis of vistula which divides it into two parts?
who do states and governments often work in lockstep with?
where were populations centered in colonies?
what list was warsaw's old town inscribed onto in 1980?
where was parliament's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built?
what does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1945?
who were two of kublai's chinese advisers?
before the statement is delivered, who is questioned?
what kind of diploma is given when graduating from a sonderungsverbot?
who else did datnet 1 refer to 
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the east later become to be seen as?
 what is the french translation of tawhid?
what is the upper range of annual fees for non-boarding students in british public schools?
what does the word component generally suggest?
high altitude as well as what contributes to jacksonville's lack of cold-weather question work
according to wilson's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime?
what was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects?
when was st. john's cathedral constructed?
what is the delta delimited in the south by?
where was the central secretariat based?
how many stories doe the lavietes pavillion have?
the two former deputies of parliament are whom?
how much gun powder was saved?
who demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through two consistent theories?
who would have been the lowest-ranked class?
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment? 
what did charles darwin successfully promote?
what principle helps find the difference between a normal or thrust fault?
where did the meuse flow before the flood? 
what antigens present differently than viral antigens?
what has the highest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality?
who were later yuan emperors isolated from?
what did the richest 40 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults?
the great internet mersenne prime search, what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits?
what is  decnet
what else does an agency have a relationship with under the civil disobedience definition?
what does the w and z boson exchange create?
asians represent what fraction of hmong?
what is fmcg's economy characterized by?
 mohammad iqbal was what type of enemy to the state of pakistan?
what are some of the minor factors in the local economy?
what proposed attacks did shirley plan?
when was the fire that destroyed 146 buildings in jacksonville?
in what month is the university's scavenger hunt?
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area, what did washington do?
what is the usual form of the government's wealth redistribution? 
in local alemannic dialect, what is the the singular form of the names of the islands formed by the rhine?
what type of behavior in chosens is it possible to determine?
where is kampinos forest located?
when imperialism impacts social norms of a state, what is it called?
which of the tributaries in germany contributes most? 
antigens bind to what in order to elicit a response of the immune system?
what language is used in chinese primary schools in malaysia?
who was thought to have killed tugh temur?
what do diets with too much protein cause?
when the law is a direct target of the protest, what is this called?
what is the pacific southwest building currently known as?
what does the large pharynx do in the beroe when its not feeding?
demand for a scottish parliament declined in what year?
how are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared?
what are some large pharmacy management companies?
in what year did harvard and radcliffe admissions merge?
what year did the the case go before the supreme court?
what problem did some tree ring data have?
when was the color crimson adopted at harvard as official color?
who did davies tell about baran's work?
what is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory?
other member do not normally contribute to what?
what do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a marxian analysis?
how wide is the rhine in germany?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired?
in which century was the grand canal d'alsace ended?
how is st andrew's college run?
what do self molecules bind to?
what was the main idea of james hutton's paper?
what language is used in chinese secondary schools in malaysia?
when were plans for the harris friedman institute announced?
what does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in?
what chinese-style name did rinchinbal use?
 who besides woodrow wilson himself did not have the idea for the inquiry?
what liberal succeeded joseph willard as president?
what index is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending?
how much did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2100?
of what form do euler numbers take?
what yuan policies did muslims like?
what was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the cold war?
which fort was rebuilt in 1964?
what period did plates reverse directions to compress the tethys floor?
what happened to the east india trading company in 1767?
what are private schools that charge no tuition called?
the university has bachelor programs in fine arts in visual arts and what other subject?
what is the saxon garden in polish?
what happens when business overpays their workers?
kpn referred to datanet 1 as 
the asante and lunda empires were in which region?
what type of forested areas can be found on the highest terrace?
what happened as a result of hydrothermal vents and underwater volcanoes that are transform boundaries?
what does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year?
what introduces inequality to a country?
what percentage of the population of poland was jewish in 1897?
who created the cooperative agreement? 
what was zia-ul-haq accused of using islamization to legitimize? 
helper and regulatory t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules?
what is never identical across all nations and jurisdictions?
issues dealt with at westminster are not ones who is able to deal with?
why was the michigan educational research information trio formed?
what isn't thomas b. edsall's profession?
when was the polish-bolshevik war fought?
how many companies were registered in warsaw in 2006?
what river runs through carpathia?
x.25 had less functionality because of what?
why did confucians like the medical field?
what proposed attacks didn't shirley plan?
what is never involved in a review of prescribed medications?
how many people died from the black death in northern  africa?
who mapped the st. johns river in 1562?
what did families with incomes below $38,000 pay for tuition in 2009?
 what is cultural imperialism never referred to as?
what was the fort that was being destroyed to be named?
how has civil disobedience evolved in current times?
who wrote the nong shu?
according to wilson's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite?
who gained control of florida after the conclusion of the revolutionary war?
how long did the 5th president's tenure last?
what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2014?
 what was the english name of gou's math?
how many days did the red armywarsaw uprising last?
who said people involved in the ozone situation had "a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties"?
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have ended what system?
how many unmarried opposite-sex partnerships had kids?
what time frame doesn't the seven years war cover?
when was charles darwin's theory of evolution published?
who explained that reference frames subject to constant deceleration?
what divides downtown fresno?
what political response wasn't convening in june/july 1754?
what is not included in medication therapy management?
what is the average construction salary in the uk?
what describes objects not moving freely?
how many years did it take for the spring snow covers to melt?
what did conant develop to attract wealthy students to the school in 1933?
where does centripetal force go?
where is much of the work of the scottish parliament done?
what did the jewish people do so pagan items wouldn't be in the temple of jerusalem?
what makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on?
for what nation did ribault initially claim what is now jacksonville?
what are cilia used for?
who is the author of the book, "knowledge and decisions"?
how many times has polonia won the cup?
survivial isn't at the heart of what concept for workers?
when was king george's war?
 when didn't kublai ban the international mongol slave trade?
what idea by charles lyell was widely accepted at the time of publication?
how many casualties did british get?
 what was zia-ul-haq supported for using islamization to legitimize?
what does the ruhr provide to it's community?
what is submitted to only part of parliament for a full debate?
at a-level, what percentage of british students attend fee-paying schools?
what are balance in an open system of particles?
 when did khan formally reject the yuan dynasty?
what denomination is associated with saint kentigern college?
western imperialism divided the globe according to which theory?
what is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the roman period?
what makes day length constant on earth?
when did embankment of the major rhine distributaries take palce?
where do clinical pharmacists work with patients?
what does more education lead to when working?
what type of theatre is the katyn fotoplastikon?
why do differentiated effector cells ebb during wake periods?
how many volumes does the john crerar library roughly hold?
who may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill?
what are the least important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system?
what did baran want to build with the system?
what did george carlin tell the city council to do in new hampshire?
what can construction projects suffer from?
what region does use the term 'private schools' to refer to universities?
 which is younger the french empire or the ethiopian empire?
how many developed countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from?
according to certain geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce?
what are clades?
the father of which emperor was a concubine?
where did the residents of antioch flee to due to the plague?
why did the 5th president of the university decide to get rid of the football program?
what was the name of the first german settlement?
who was elected on the lothian global list?
who started the ipcc trust fund?
what does the mayor's council divide itself into?
where is polonia's home venue located?
what is the process of adding detailed plans and careful oversight?
why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved?
what summary says that human activity is responsible for the earths cooling?
what months out of the year is woodward park open?
in what year did the mongol conquest of china begin?
what are two ways lava tubes are added during deformation?
what organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 150,000 digits?
what is lower in public schools rather than private ones?
why did academic and research institutions need nsf's help connecting to arpanet?
what can help a student get a scholarship for a public school?
what city has one of the smallest ports in germany?
what is the result of rebellion according to black's law dictionary?
conservative forces include what?
what usually carries sediment particles from one place to another?
who founded the office of eastern medicine?
what river separates the rhine from duisburg?
going to jail accomplished what goal of civil disobedience?
terra nullius is a latin expression meaning what in english?
when did the first tentacles form on ctenophores?
what is one of the last responses of the immune system to infection?
many construction companies are now placing more emphasis on what?
what has a classification system for construction companies?
how was the population of mnemiopsis in the black sea and the sea of azov brought under control?
what is the population of los angeles?
during what period did downtown fresno thrive?
the university of chicago library system has how many libraries in total?
who does the wage gap between genders provide a disadvantage?
what's thomas piketty's job?
when did the plague return to europe?
what had vice president agnew always suffered from? 
how many components do tentilla have?
what was the premise of woodrow wilson's inquiry?
what do the services given by pharmacists provide?
what happens when a person's capabilities aer raised, as it relates to their income?
channing was the most crucial figure to achieve what in us universities?
when did the fcc decide fresno could only have uhf stations?
what is europe's largest inland port?
when did the holocene rhine-meuse delta stop forming?
what year did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw?
what is the name of the river that lies completely outside of jacksonville?
when did augustus die?
economy, energy and tourism is one of the what?
where is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display?
who led the attack on spain in 1565?
what does heat prevent from changing in the crystallization process?
where did marin build first fort?
how was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students?
what type of nightclubs does fresno have?
 by when did the germanic tribes not conquer the celtic peoples?
who never plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality?
when did john of london come to live in cambridge?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the east?
what world's first did the religion department help to develop?
what was loudoun's plans for 1757?
bedau notes that illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose?
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be corrected until the 16th century work of whom?
what period did the rhine capture streams?
who designed the scottish parliament building?
where is audra mcdonald from?
what is the gender income inequality in bahrain?
what kind of structures are typical in living lagerstatten?
the rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps?
the residual of what can be seen in front of hadrons?
who has said that climate models are uncertain?
the kuznets curve says with economic development, inequality will decrease after what?
what provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995?
how long didn't the fighting last in seven years war
what are buckles facing downwards in a fault called?
who specifically does ht target to change the opinion of?
what was the warsaw pact war plan?
what type of jihad does ht avoid engaging in?
plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the earth and what? 
what issue plagues the literature about civil disobedience?
what did legrande write about grammatical niceties?
what monarchy did western troops protect?
where did charles de gaulle and the free french run operations during world war 2?
what kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything?
what's one factor in increasing self-esteem?
in what year did jani beg become leader of the mongol army?
who's infected corpse was one of the ones catapulted over the walls of kaffa by the mongol army?
what applications did austpac not support?
what are there no longer limitations on since 1990?
what ends in the same delta?
what egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the brotherhood?
when did zhenjin die?
what has the university held since 1963 where large teams find items from a list?
how much of iraq did the taliban take over?
what groups were previously considered to be integrated?
who fought in the french and indian war?
stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction? 
in early pleistocene, what direction did the rhine flow?
what has made jacksonville a major military and civilian court since the 1900s?
what was eventual merits role? 
planned to occupy the chicago business booth, how much is the milton friedman institute estimated to cost?
what did harvey wheeler direct the hungarians to do?
when did the yuan begin using gold printing plates for its money?
what words are inscribed on the mace of parliament?
what is a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response?
who besides the russians are often included in the colonialism debat?
where is the aboral organ located?
what exists between fundamentalist islamism and reformist islamism?
who ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?
why was appletalk considered plug-n-play? 
what was william johnson's role in british military?
what do the juveniles behave like in the genus beroe?
the function of long-lived memory cells is an example of what kind of immune response?
where were french north americans settled?
in between french and british, what groups controlled land?
what impact did this loss have on abercrombie?
who has the role of holding the scottish government to account?
this person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains, what was his name?
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1765?
minister robert dinwiddie had an investment in what significant company?
what wasn't extent of celeron's expedition?
 what year did iqbal leave lahore?
what shape are tentilla typically?
what is samuel k. cohn jr.'s career?
for most organisms, what is the dominant system of defense?
what region of japan is hebei part of?
which species are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals?
what does geometry ramification seek to achieve?
what is the largest port in europe called?
who mentored buyantu?
what was sold to foreign ptts?
what kind of education is offered in public schools in australia?
who created the nation's first aviation community?
what receptors do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of?
when there are many workers competing for a many jobs its considered as what?
what is expected with the continuous input of sediment into the dornbirner ach?
what goal do many of these protests have?
what caused jacksonville tourism to be less desirable during the 1900s?
what is the term for a disease that is not commonly present?
when was state route 99 built?
what modern math concept did zhu shijie do work different from?
where did british settlers live?
when was the office of western medicine founded?
what caused jacksonville's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century?
which group keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent's body until they hatch?
when was the joint statement on climate change issued?
what kind of immunity do prokaryotes not have?
what percentage of global assets does the richest 1% of people have?
what happens because younger rock is deeper?
which genus is considered the "aunt" of ctenophores?
what is jacksonville's hottest month on average?
where are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize self-antigens located?
what was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society?
which reason is given sometimes to plead not guilty involving these matters?
who has a classification system for all north american companies?
who wrote the study published in nature in october 2011?
after the dornbirner ach was diverted, where does the rhine flow now?
where are health and social problems least common?
what part of the rhine flows west at katwijk?
what type of city has berlin been for as long as it's been a city?
who reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful.
what building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1930s and 1940s?
what is the duration of harvard academic year?
what order didn't british make of french?
how many schools of medicine were recognized in china?
 who did the ottoman empire ally with in wwii?
 which is less costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
what was huihui?
who uninvited washington to dine with him?
what connections bind sponge cells?
what is not an example of what a clinical pharmacist's duties entail?
how do academic results in former model c schools compare to other schools?
why did warsaw gain the title of the "phoenix city"?
who is not required to oversee a pharmacy technician in the uk?
of what form are mersenne tests?
maududi believed that islam needed what to be established?
how long did it take to travel across europe using primitive transport systems?
what forces can be modeled using ideal friction strings?
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world?
what does the word rheinrinne translate to?
 who refused buyantu?
where wasn't there a weakness in british supply chain?
the second minister chooses whom?
what is special about communication sessions with packet switching?
what was the topic of the error?
how long did it take to improve on sir isaac newton's laws of motion?
what experiments are used to reconstruct rock fabric? 
what was the name of the time the upper rhine form a border between france and germany?
which sea was oil discovered in?
what are well logs?
who discovered y. pestis?
what is the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name of the rhine?
what cell binds to vitamin c?
what are malum prohibitum considerations?
what are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in non-english-speaking countries?
who argued that objects retain their velocity even when acted on by a force?
what valley is los angeles located in?
between which years did the mediterranean sea flow into the tethys sea?
by how much did jacksonville's hispanic white population decline? call
the rhine flowed through swabia, franconia and what other location in the 10th century?
what is one thing that can prevent non-fatal injuries?
what is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field?
where did no spanish catholic move after british takeover in florida?
in what year was the darfur report issued?
where is biraben from?
which languages used the phags-pa script?
at what time is the harvard-yale rivalry set aside?
how do members vote when there is a division?
what was the goal of haddock's expedition?
when did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature?
how many people, at most, have died of plague in baghdad? 
in 1992, what percentage of east german students attended private schools?
who is kearney boulevard named after?
what does paleotopography study?
when were the vosges mountains captured by the rhine?
along with location, endowment and the willingness of parents to pay, what factor influences private school tuition?
where was the first horse racetrack located?
how was this possible 
what did ghandi mention about the right to abolish an unjust government in the declaration of independence?
what plateau has groups of clay terraces?
what requires collaboration across zoning requirements?
what is the goal of the incapabilities approach?
what makes up 11.6% of jacksonville?
what do clinical pharmacists not participate in?
what should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system?
which theory suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized?
what is baryczko's cathedral an example of stylistically?
what does the word prime generally suggest?
what increases with age?
what is the fastest growing area in the pharmaceutical industry?
for what size natural number does chebyshev's postulate hold?
how weren't british able to cut supplies to louisbourg?
 what dynasty didn't share artistic inspiration with the yuan?
 what was used by the north to justify control over western territories?
level 3 communications launched what? 
where was shirley planning an expedition?
lorenzo's law describes what?
how many public libraries are there in cambridge?
what did telecom australia start? 
where did kublai build his administration's strength?
what is essential for the successful execution of a project?
what causes the topographic gradients to collapse?
what criticism in ny times article that impacts the quality of education at harvard?
what body in india provides policy directions to schools?
what gene is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol?
how long were the fighters of the warsaw ghetto uprising able to hold out?
the magnitude of the resultant varies from the similarities of what?
what is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks? 
what do some civil disobedient people feel the need to acknowledge.
on what river does warsaw stand?
what is inequality associated with higher levels of?
who manages construction projects and assumes financial responsibility for completing them?
 what was iqbal studying in ireland?
in what year did the affiliate program end?
what was iqbal studying in england and germany?
gamma delta t cells have a different version of what receptor?
what have the clinics infrastructure done a lot of over the past years?
what are ancient processes used to do?
which neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway?
what influence did al banna wish to eliminate from the muslim world?
what did forbes halt the construction of in 2008?
in may 2010, parliament was relocated where?
how is winter weather in jacksonville described as?
who did the parliament rent additional buildings from?
promoted research in 1985 led to what? 
 what is the yuan dynasty's unofficial name?
when is the ujazdow gallery weekend held?
when did calvinist parties and traditional ideas come to dominate universities?
beginning in what year was harvard on top of the world reputation rankings?
whose activities were the french able to gain knowledge of?
what campaign did the communist regime initiate after wwi?
of what form are sophie germain tests?
 where was the less popular trading center for the ottoman empire?
succeeding speakers are usually allotted more what?
how were non-local area networks established with appletalk?
what are weak and electromatic forces expressions of?
how much resources were french placing in north america?
what publication printed that the wealthiest 1% have more money than those in the bottom 90%?
what type of theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon?
on what basis do the radical islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
most of the previous understandings about motion and force were corrected by whom?
what says that formations must be older than the inclusions inside them?
how long ago was the ediacaran period?
whose first law of motion says that unless acted upon be forces, objects would continue to move at a constant velocity?
what flowed through the tundra?
what is the parliamentary mace made of?
who fought in the great northern war?
where didn't iroquois confederation control?
what did the early entrant program do for potential students?
the rocks at the grand canyon have been in place since when?
under what law is value of a worker undetermined?
 what was kublai khan's opposition to ogedei khan?
what was the source of the rhine in the last ice age?
in what years did the infection spread to the people of asia minor?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of unskilled workers?
 who did not charter the british east india company?
how wide is the glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley?
what conviction motivated eliot to move towards secularization?
who was the developer of the hamming battery?
what was tymnet
the urban renewal project was intended to help the residents of what neighborhood?
where do ipcc reports get their information?
what year did more than 375 officials attend the ipcc bureau session?
what is the typical annual cost for an irish private school?
 j. a. hobson didn't want which races to develop the world?
what does  mnemiopsis eat?
how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni?
what flows after bingen and bonn?
what did warner sinback decide 
who did the city grant the property to in 1912?
what is the polish word for wreaths?
in what theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of noetherian arithmetic?
 which sciences were often practiced together by the same artists?
who decides the fate of protesters most of the time?
what former building is currently known as grand 1401?
what do all but one kind of aboral lack?
what has a stronger association with the mhc:antigen complex than killer t cells?
what organization built homes in the neighborhood in the 1930s?
what i lent to the team of northern university students discover pottery?
what should happen if you focus only on self-gratification?
a molecular phylogeny analysis confirmed that cydippid are not what?
what type of microscope is used by petrologists?
what was the protest in antigone about?
what dictionary contains a non- violent definition?
where was the average household size was 3.21
how did the advancement of using fossils help geological science in the early 20th century?
according to ellen churchill semple what type of climate was unnecessary for humans to become fully human?
where did ibna sina believe the origin of geology science was?
what land wasn't ceded to spain?
what did kublai do to prevent famines?
what is sigilium's symbol?
given the weakness of french forces at louisbourg, what did loudoun do?
if law breaking is not done in a public manor it is not considered what term?
what occurs when all components of the immune system are active?
what type of measurements result under schrodinger equations when using operators instead of newtonian variables?
what does direct civil disobedience do to the law that isn't being protested?
how are the messages routed?
who never issued the royal proclamation of 1763?
what is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries?
what condition must be satisfied in order for p to be expressed in base 1 instead of base 10 and still have a period of p-1?
which year were two assessment reports finalized?
what is the record low for july?
what did kublai's government not balance between?
what have muslims praised hamas for doing?
where else is there a smaller filipino population that in jacksonville?
what is the section of the rhine gorge recognized by unesco called?
where did france focus its efforts to rebuild its empire?
when was the landmark water tower built?
what is the only form potential energy can change into?
who owned rand company?
what is controled by the market and economy?
what forms lake constance into an inland delta?
what did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid?
what does the fogg museum of art cover?
what do all other animal phyla lack?
what nuclear forces only act at short distances?
in what country is plos pathogens headquartered?
why is warsaw's flora very rich in species?
what is the one lead author responsible for?
 when did hamas keep the plo in gaza?
inter-network routing was what kind of system?
what decreased in number between 1948 and 1991?
parliament elects two msps to serve as what officers?
who normally manages the environmental impact of the job?
where are some physicians not permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices?
what is used to shut down pathogen defenses?
what un organizations established the ipcc?
what did kublai's government have to balance between?
what can not be considered an artifact of the potential field?
what is consultant pharmacy not concerned with?
how quickly do shrimp digest ctenophores as compared to other prey?
how is x.25 connection-oriented at layer two?
the second minister's question time takes place between what times on thursdays?
what danger did the ipcc understate?
what techniques did chinese medicine never include?
which end of the saxon garden is the tom of the unknown soldier located at?
how are the 83 "constituency msps" chosen?
how did france differ from britain in managing its colonies?
changes to what have the support of scientific evidence?
in what city is the groton school located?
where is the gravel from that is found in xenoliths?
if there is no shared physical medium, how are the packets delivered?
how many sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference?
when was the fso car factory founded?
why does oxfam and credit suisse believe their findings are being doubted?
after braddock died, who controlled north american british forces?
how many americans are richer than less than half of all citizens?
 in what battle were the mongols joined by the tran?
in what town did bill aiken grow up?
why do some people find it hard to not talk to a tax agent?
what type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes, as in the state of california?
who were otachi?
where does the ijssel branch flow?
what was hollywood known as?
what did newton's mechanics affect?
what was the attack on the british weakness?
how did the better jacksonville plan generate money?
when was a zoological garden established in the powsin park?
what are associated with normal forces?
who was the speaker of the tribal council?
what is one aspect of the hydrography of the former delta characterized by?
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area, what didn't washington do?
lyell's book failed to publicize what view?
what is one example of what a clinical pharmacist's duties entail?
what kind of people attend the ipcc meetings?
 what was the irish title of polo's book?
who is the 75th united states secretary of the treasury?
after what higher learning model was the school designed?
 when was the imperial library directorate not established?
what wasn't the goal of congress?
when was earthenware movable type invented?
what do bacterial surface proteins not bind to?
what do the owners of more capital end up having?
according to ellen churchill semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human?
in which direction does most of the wind in fresno originate from?
what period opened the tethys ocean?
what molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system?
 after 1945, what challenged the british empire?
what serves as a biological barrier by competing for space and food in the gi tract?
the university was a founding force behind what conference?
what system has no impact on income inequality?
besides viniculture, what's a dominant economic sector of the middle rhine?
what do complement proteins activate before they bind to the microbe?
what kind of press coverage is there when defendants plead not guilty?
who has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that don't require prescriptions?
what has islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the non-arab spring?
what scale doesn't trade liberalization shift economic inequality from?
how did celeron handle meeting with new briton?
which projection overstated the rate at which temperatures would rise?
what was maria wola the first female recipient of?
what is sometimes more effective than civil disobedience at times?
 what caused the us public to support the occupation of the philippines?
who works to get workers lower compensation?
 who defended kublai khan's right to succeed mongke khan?
gamma delta t cells rearrange tcr genes to produce what?
what does the respiratory tract secrete in order to promote infection?
what city, raided by clans and dukes, preceded the founding of warszowa?
what is now described by the newtonian equations?
what fields medal winning mathematician is a faculty member at harvard?
which dynasties' histories were officially documented during toghun's reign?
how many kilometers is vistula from the carpathian mountains?
what type of civil war was not fought between political and tribal warlords?
what is the nickname for the delta in the netherlands?
what are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called?
how far from czerniakow does the vistula river's environment change noticeably?
what is the term private school restricted to in the us?
in 1942, what was north fresno previously called?
what organization is the ipcc a part of?
which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks?
how long doesn't it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth?
what do people with experience not need to do?
what sector includes large public works but not utility distribution?
what was the purpose of cambridge when it was founded in 1643?
how are groups of cillia classified due to increasing awareness of differences?
when was the ottoman caliphate abolished?
the college's university is divided into how many divisions?
what book of the bible discusses civil disobedience?
what reconstructions supported the 1999 paper's information?
when was the holland empire formed?
who concluded that the rising income inequality gap was not getting better?
what does warsaw host many of?
what applies to both collecting taxes and searching property?
when did the archduke sigismund of austria die?
the idea of acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis of what medical treatment?
where were the germanic tribes originally located?
who published an error regarding the himalayan glaciers?
what do seismologists use to map the earth's crust?
what does the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do?
who analysed the medieval cold period?
what did local residents do when forbes announced budget cuts in 2011?
what did policymakers create for the ipcc?
what is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons?
what work from around 300 bc has significant theorems about prime numbers?
how wide is the moselle?
what was germany's central interest?
what denomination insists that students must also be a member of the founding church?
what rank does the early action program have among all others?
during which era did the aztec and incan empires thrive?
what  are construction companies asked to plan?
how many public charter schools does the university run?
what are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future?
who started the yuan dynasty?
when did galor and zeria show new information about inequality?
who won the pzpn championship in 2000?
what principle states that rocks deeper in the layer tend to be younger?
what theorem remains valid in unique factorization domains?
was services were not consolidated under the new government?
what did vbns do 
how many times did the plague visit ottoman society before the second quarter of the 19th century?
where do dikes form?
who directed life itself?
what type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please?
what has often been studied in unicellular eukaryotes?
my ways jacksonville's coldest month on record?
what was the name of the leader through the great depression and world war ii?
when was state route 99 freeway built?
what is the force between nucleons?
what natural resources did the chinese government have a monopoly on?
how long is the maria fold?
what was the name of the wwf report?
numbers of what race of students increased in public schools before 1954?
what type of school is becoming less common in scotland?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the wages of skilled workers?
how are packets normally forwarded
what is the final stage of a bill in the scottish parliament?
where does the rhine empty?
what can the mesoglea be closed by?
how much of poland's national income does warsaw produce?
imperialism and colonialism both assert a states dominance over what?
when is the wianki festival held?
what pushed up the pyrenees?
 what did basset analyze after coming to his conclusions?
when did washington learn about trent's advance?
what exchange in warsaw is one of the most important for central and eastern europe?
when did the red army uprising begin?
hormones can alter the sensitivity of the immune system, so they can be referred to as what?
what year was the dutch rijkswaterstaat found?
the prospect of what event compelled the protection of german private schools?
how were messages delivered before implementation? 
how many times did the plague visit baghdad?
what was william johnson's iroquois name?
kings canyon avenue is on the southeast side of what?
first published by sir charles lyell in 1830 this book was called what? 
what was warsaw the most diverse of in poland?
when did the north american french and indian war begin?
what are the least powerful anti-inflammatory drugs?
who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process?
what protects the statocyst?
what conservative international relations scholar is also a university alumni?
what is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague?
what contributed to the severity of the plague?
what is included along with gravitational acceration, and mass of the earth in a formula about rotation about the earth?
what does each packet includ in connectionless mode 
what was normal british defense?
what happened with the ground water level with the rhine straightening program?
what does ctenophore use to capture prey?
which group has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth?
when people take on debt, it leads potentially to what?
what direction do ctenophore swim?
what is the name of one impressive continuation of the fermat primality test?
what disagreement did montcalm and indians have?
how are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions?
what type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches?
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts to support islamism?
what is the the old south branch of the rhine called?
what job was kemney given at ge?
the adaptive immune system recognizes non-self antigens during a process called what?
when was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986?
who was a political philosopher, mathematician, author and also former faculty member?
why are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted?
what is the lower canal regulation of the rhine?
what organization does climate related research?
what do increased greenhouse gases cause?
how much potential economic growth could the united states amass if everyone went through more schooling?
 who was iqbal a supporter of?
how many people lived in fresno in 2000, according to the census bureau? 
what was eero saarinen contracted to develop in 2011?
what is a higher rate of social goods an effect of?
under elie metchnikoff's cellular theory, what cells were responsible for immune response?
when did the age of imperialism end?
when did the world's population finally recover from the black death?
what kind of analysis did harbison conclude in 2001 about the lobata?
invitations to address the house of commons are determined by whom?
what is the complex "two-signal" activation of t cells referred to?
 what was the civil war against ragibagh never called?
when did hilliard, taylor, and wheeler work?
early western texts referencing the north describe the people as being what?
what type of insect employs the use of magicicadas in its evolutionary strategy?
what notion keeps it's meaning through both netonian and schrodinger physics equations?
what was the south american portion of war of austrian succession?
what does the euplokamis use the three types of movement for?
what is the major us city that the is the university located?
when was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov?
what does a 2013 report on nigeria suggest it's growth has done?
what was the theory the royal society presented?
how much does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting?
what should the punishment rely on instead in a just society?
when did the german army reoccupy rhineland?
what does a writer for the international crisis group think the concept of political islam is a creation of?
which areas were least vulnerable to disease?
hurricane dora caused a minor what?
what act set out the parliament's powers as a devolved legislature?
how long is the section of the rhine near chur?
what was warner sinback
when were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development?
what was french population in north america?
what do geochronologists look for in drill cores?
what island does the cold water flow of the rhine and lake constance flow to?
when was the royal university of prussia established?
what do petrologists use to understand magma chamber crystallization?
what caused the rhine to extend its watershed northward?
the university has masters programs in visual arts, music and what other subjects?
what does it mean when a basel series diverges?
how wide is the upper rhine plain? 
who was vrisovci?
what body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions?
what can be indirectly derived from the symmetry of space?
how much of the rhine flow does ijssel carry?
what did lindzen criticize about the summary for policymakers?
where are a bulk of factories concentrated along the rhine?
what type of numbers demonstrate a flaw with the fermat primality test?
which parts of the earth are included in the lithosphere? 
when was the random number theorem proven?
what is income inequality not attributed to?
who benefits from the research carried out by the ipcc?
what drives phagocytes away from specific areas?
why did kublai's successors lose control of the rest of the mongol empire?
why did british operation succeed in 1755, 56, 57?
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is with what lake?
when was the fifth assessment report written?
who is the founder of t. seaborg and co.?
what building is the most interesting of the late 18th-century architecture?
what is the largest mansion in the west coast?
what are phytoplankton?
who did northen telecom sell transpac clones to?
what city served as prussia's capital in 1313?
what is the level of inequality in overdeveloped countries?
who designed sunnyside?
who is responsible for ensuring the parliament works smoothly?
what are white blood cells known as?
what nationality are researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett?
what kind of cell identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen?
what profession doesn't simon kuznets have?
how do you pronounce fresno?
what did baran call his system?
what type of zero distribution does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x?
where was montcalm focusing the defense for new france?
besides alexandre yersin who was another scientist that visited hong kong in 1894?
how do private schools in the rest of the world differ from ireland?
who was president of radcliffe from 1869-1909?
with what body must a pharmacy not be allowed to register?
what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2012-2013?
nsf was engineered and operated by who?
when was kublai's administration running out of money?
where does the rhine begin? 
what states are pharmacist clinicians given no prescriptive and diagnostic authority?
what columbia president went to harvard?
how accurate did guo make the reformed lunisolar calendar?
what does a quantity surveyor do with a design? 
what type of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table?
how is admission to the early action program characterized?
why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption?
newton said that the acceleration of the earth around the moon represented what?
in what year was the battle that resulted from a confederate cavalry unit attacking a union expedition?
what other reason caused poor supply of new france from a difficult summer?
what is another term used for year 13?
who reopened tower theatre?
what wasn't marin's orders?
what type of punishment is sometimes offered to civil disobedients?
what does a 2003 report on nigeria suggest it's growth has done?
how many kilometers is warsaw from the carpathian mountains?
what is the name of the largest university press in the u.s?
how many rooms does the warsaw historical museum have?
what percentage of poland's population was protestant in 1901?
what is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the french period?
what jewish practice did the yuan ban?
the french thought bringing what would uplift other regions?
how often do oxford and cambridge put aside their rivalry?
what was the fort that was being built to be named?
what is one of the mammal animals that lives in the nature reserve and bird sanctuary?
what does userdatagram protocol gaurentee
what kind of access for undergraduates do the harvard university archives have?
colonialism as a policy is never caused by financial and what other reasons?
how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n are there? 
what do david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for a living?
what is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication?
where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from?
the strife between races in canada is a unique form of what?
 when was mongke khan born?
who challenged kublai khan's right to succeed mongke khan?
when was phags-pa script invented?
when was frame relay's protocols used at uni?
how many people were at a harvard sponsored regatta in 1875?
how many africans were brought into the united states during the slave trade?
which park is home to the kearney mansion?
what process do both science and governments follow?
what is the epidermis fringed with?
is fertilization  internal or exeternal in most species?
what type of commutative ring does the lasker–noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in?
which theorem states that every large odd integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime?
what was the cause for the issues with city funding?
what is a twin positive?
who dates rocks, precisely, within the stratigraphic section?
was development of this concept originally considered "classified" or a secret?
according to agreement between iroquois and british, where was a strong house to be built?
what did a 1969 study by perotti examine?
what do a number of researchers think a shortage of isn't caused in part by income inequality?
what impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor?
 when was the military-political complex reflected upon not within the scope of understanding imperialism?
what two categories can a government school be put into in india?
what wasn't the first british empire based on?
how did yesun temur die
what do cells away from the site of the infection undergo?
what alumni member also write the bestseller before i fall?
what university was john of london an alum of?
when did geologists stop using isotopes?
when are copepod populations abundant?
what does the acronym fiss stand for?
what enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature?
what day of the week does the time for reflection take place?
what was tugh temur known for?
what may be varied by up to two months?
what was the song dynasty's capital?
in what year did the residents of baghdad first become affected by the plague?
what alumni is also the governor of the bank of japan?
what chinese era name did kublai adopt?
what relationship with israel is sadat for?
what is not present in breast milk?
how did the tran dynasty rule?
what did hamas win in the january 2006 legislative election?
when is the midsummer's festival held?
 which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway non-local elites?
on what lake did troops attack fort william henry in summer?
what was french military presence at start of peace?
how many members are on the miasta city council?
what can antibodies not neutralize?
by 199 how many universities were connected 
when did french learn about braddock's plans?
in 1890, who did the university decide to team up with?
what is the minimum amount, if any, of data to make up a packet?
 what modern city did khanbaliq not become?
where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices?
labour leader iain gray gave up east lothian by how many votes?
 when did temur die?
when did western forces invade iraq?
how many independent schools are in india?
what group is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted to the spanish parliament?
what accelerates nk cells?
what happened to the rate of flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program?
what is a connection identifier 
who published the state of the planet 2008-2009 report?
what area was the delta works constructed between?
kyoto protocol dealt with which depletion?
what is another name for a deformational event?
what scientist experimented with snake venom in the 18th century?
what forces should serve as a brake on wealth concentration?
what is not an example of a controlled substance?
what has the first timeline added to the timeline to expand it?
who is a player on the tampa bay buccaneers?
during what time frame were the core classes limited to only 15 students?
how was sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to bring egypt into modern times and civilization?
which group has a primary role scrutinizing witnesses?
how many were killed by plague in italy in the 17th century?
what archdiocese is warsaw the seat of?
what do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition?
what was extent of celeron's expedition?
french architect enric miralles helped design what building?
who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal?
what does the highest level of the vistula dune contain?
where is the santa fe railroad depot located?
what is the oldest exhibition site in warsaw?
 what type of movement is the non-muslim brotherhood?
how successful was the english revised efforts?
what does the mesoglea terminate into?
there is a public database of epitopes for pathogens known to be recognizable by what cells?
of what mathematical nature is the basel problem?
at what venue did benjamin netanyahu give a speech recently?
where did two of triton's daughters set out on a journey through?
what did historians do in the absence of census figures?
what did christianity in us curriculum focus on before it was changed?
in what people is the immune system the strongest?
how does the corporation deliver these messages?
what is ethnic community is traditionally found downtown?
in a progressive tax, what increases as the taxable base amount decreases?
who has the islamic liberation party attempted to assassinate? 
why is the most recent era expanded in the first scale?
what was the result of the 1967 referendum?
how much area does the university library cover?
following the liberal victory in 2015, standing orders were changed to do what?
of what form is the infinite amount of positives that comprise the special cases of schinzel's hypothesis?
of what form do mersenne primes take?
when economic inequality is larger, more waste and pollution is?
when is the correlation occasionally positive?
when did khan disestablish the great yuan?
what did the court of the massachusetts bay colony vote for john harvard to have in 1650?
what name is typically associated with preschool?
what is the conventional measurement of the rhine? 
what did denial of service attacks make it harder for the plowshares organization to do?
what was the largest urban fire in the united states?
who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals?
what do beriods use as teeth?
what han chinese leader defected to the mongols?
in what year did william maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the u.s.?
how wide is the second east-west shipping route?
why did the demand for rentals increase?
who wasn't al-banna's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of?
what type of delta is the rhine-meuse?
how many lakes are there in warsaw?
when did germanic tribes cross the rhine to migrate?
who acts as laborer, paymaster, and design team for a renovation project?
who is the final judge of right and wrong?
what was the name of the battle that marked the first confederate win in florida?
who is the bungie founder and developer of the dance video game?
in what year did the black death spread into england?
 what law did not justify british imperialism?
how successful was the french revised efforts?
what do germans call private schools?
what is the name of the pulitzer prize novelist who was also a university alumni? 
 what did iqbal's allahabad address not inspire?
in extended fluids, similarities in pressure result in forces being directed where?
the hochrhein more than doubles the rhine's water discharge to what amount?
who was the british explorer chartered the st. john's river?
what illustrates the relationships between rock and crystal?
what type of person would be involved in a test case in federal court?
what is a kind of defense response that makes the entire plant resistant to a particular agent?
what is the logic behind the cicadas outbreak?
what american actor is also a university graduate?
who added to dioscorides' book in the islamic golden age?
what equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale? 
what is the name of the cbs affiliate in fresno?
how might gravity effects be observed differently according to newton?
this causes the rock unit as a whole to become longer and thinner. 
where did british kill many acadians?
who leads the student government?
under which policy are labor unions discouraged?
what is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair?
there were many mongols with what unexpected status?
what force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity?
where is samuel marsden collegiate school located?
vice president agnew describes civil disobedience in what activities?
the house of lords introduced qualifications for which position?
what is one thing that market segments publish?
what compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection?
what to do university students find the dated sixteenth century?
where are the least amount of the factories found?
when have humans started impacting the delta?
what test is especially useful for tests of the form 2p-1?
some people describe what between individuals or groups as non-imperialism or non-colonialism?
nequality in the presence of credit market perfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation?
how would the geographical societies in europe support certain travelers?
what kind of sediment particles are there?
the transportation law allows personal aircraft to share the roadways with what?
who influenced the taliban's ideology?
what increases with the increase of income inequality?
when do cash flow problems exist?
how did the camden 28 decide to submit themselves to the court after pleading guilty?
what are the two principal asian-american groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno?
what is the weakest main interaction?
aristotle believed that objects in motion on earth would stay that way if what?
what can any number larger than 6 can be represented as?
what were casualties of battle?
which khanates had converted to islam?
what has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the us?
when was garrison born?
what is the largest main branch of the rhine?
what fields may pharmacy informatics also work in?
why has bloc seen many improvements over the past decade?
what has crime rate been shown not to be correlated with in a society?
what is the name of harvard's primary recreational sports facility?
 when was earthenware movable type destroyed?
what military branch does much of jacksonville's arab population have ties to?
from the perspective of whom in the car is the vehicle and everything inside of it at rest?
what was leon's first literary cabaret?
whose activities were the french able to lose knowledge of?
what shakespeare scholar is currently on the university's faculty?
the us government can refer the bill to whom?
what tracts does commensal flora help pathogens thrive in?
what kind of sleep was discovered at the u of c in 1947?
an msp may introduce a bill as what?
who lost money?
in which county does jacksonville reside?
 how did the yuan come to have the 8 schools of medicine?
what types of pharmacy functions have begun to be outsourced?
what are fossil sequences applied to?
who was one of the most famous people born in wola?
phagocytosis first evolved as means of doing what?
what does following the rules help to preserve with a protest?
when did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war i?
 when weren't joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period?
what kingdom annexed duchy in 1796?
what is st. john's castle the most interesting example of?
what is the jelly-like susbtance called?
what can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them?
when was the measurement of the rhine introduced? 
what did ibn sina, who lived from 1031-1095 base his hypothesis for land formation on?
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance? 
what river is considered to be not so clean nowadays?
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the west later become to be seen as?
how many factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett not identify?
if 15 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers?
are sheaths wider or narrower in size near the mouth?
what lab does the university have a joint stake in? 
 what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2015?
what can the growth elasticity of poverty not depend on?
how many missles were at the nuclear test site?
the taliban was so different from other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what?
how long were the fighters of the german ghetto uprising able to hold out?
how many hundred of years was scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain?
the second world war caused what to be shelved?
the kronenberg palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture?
when was the university library founded?
when was a study conducted of swedish counties?
who is elected at the beginning of each term?
in what century did the north sea discharge into the nederrijn river?
what is the name of another type of prime here p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?
where does manufacturing take place?
what body would determine that funding for course content is forbidden?
what can and old, ill man not do?
what is the name given to the university's main library?
what was one of the cities that had a port on the black sea?
where was french withdrawal to?
what are found in fossils?
when did the iranian government not get a resurgence?
who are elected using an open ballot?
what does sleep have no effect on?
where does the north sea discharge into?
how much larger would cicada predator populations be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals?
when was the first sino-japanese war?
what were the national elections in 1994 canceled by?
was was the plan for langlades mission?
who accepts the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis?
who did the ottoman empire ally with in ww i?
who refused to endorse the ipcc?
invertebrates do not generate what type of cells that are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system?
what does the world's first museum of posters have one of the largest collections of in the world?
when was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism?
when wasn't the french and indian war?
what does the beroe eat? 
when did france take control of london?
who was the chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce?
who has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line?
why do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of electors?
what does the statocyst split to connect with?
what is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity?
what is the term for an indian private school?
if q=9 and a=3, 6 or 9, how many wraps would be in the progression?
 how many successors of kublai was toghun the first of?
what must sophocles do instead of following the king's will?
when did the last glacial maximum peak?
what year was the first class taught at the university of chicago?
complex devices such as weighing scales are used when measuring what?
what are the bodies of cilia also called?
what debate is a debate on a motion proposed by an msp who is not a scottish minister?
what were the native inhabitants of australia called?
what is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2000?
why might customers order from internet pharmacies?
how are the client and subcontractor linked?
how was tymnet connected to dozens of other private networks?
what type of number generators make use of prime numbers?
on-line betting was supported by what network frame?
how far does one pharmacy in croatia date back to?
what helps the interior designers during integration?
university of chicago scholars played a major part in what development?
who thought the world could be split into climatic zones?
what group fully funds preschool?
what is the lower thermal boundary layer called?
what is considered less fundamental than the concept of force?
what will have a direct impact of inequality in a system that uses a progressive tax?
which two compounds did al-muwaffaq differentiate between?
what was warner correct about?
what is the animal that the rhine's islands are named after?
stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word? 
over how many species of trees can be found in the saxon garden?
what is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?
what word is the word pharmacy taken from?
where are the harvard medical, dental and school of public health located?
what is one thing that rebellion must have in black's law dictionary?
what techniques can be used to determine paleotopography?
what county was jacksonville the seat of prior to 1968?
what were chao made out of?
when did singer dispute the graph at a senate hearing?
what is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders?
there re 231 seats in which chamber?
what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack?
in 1785 what was duc de choiseul's plan for focused military efforts?
the solicitor official of scotland has a seat in which chamber?
what wasn't the french population in north america?
what is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 1 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
who took command of french in spring of 1735?
in addition to english, what language is also often taught in nepalese private schools?
what are some examples of undesirable end results of a project?
who oversees a pharmacy technician in the uk?
who went to fort dusquesne in june 1745?
what does an individual conscience not have to be?
how quickly is the sea level rising?
what letter did washington present to  saint-pierre ?
who makes up the student government?
when did the carnegie foundation start managing statistics for university admissions?
what is the bad air theory officially known as?
what was the taxman's political philosophy?
what strategy is used by pathogens to encounter the innate immune system?
 how many provinces did the ottoman empire not contain in the 17th century?
what period closed up the tethys ocean?
the university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos that did what?
what choice did french have for surrendering land?
how long have the intrusive rocks in the southwestern us been around?
 what did england offer that was rare by imperial standards?
 what aspects of life does islamism not seek to integrate itself into?
where is the border of swiss and austria?
how many academic majors does the university grant in total?
what can you say about a fault that penetrates the top rocks but not the lower formations?
 who was ogedei's husband?
how far from state house in downtown boston is harvard yard?
what causes strain in structures?
which florida city has a smallest population?
who may change the date by up to a month, on the proposal of the po?
for many years, what was the brotherhood described as?
what report excluded a graph showing temperature reconstruction?
when did the jurassic period end?
what is the scenario called in which we don't change our greenhouse gas creation practices?
 what was sadat not seeking by releasing islamists from prison?
who was yersinia pestis named for?
what type of outlook do some of the muslims in london have?
stephen eildmann cites the oldest known example of civil disobedience in what part of the bible? 
what is the name of the function used for the smallest integer not greater than the number in question?
what type of outcomes can even stable markets lead to?
what do geologists use to study processes outside of the earth?
what other reason caused good supply of new france from a difficult winter?
what is the least abundant type of phagocyte?
what park covers and area of 74 ha.?
what was the north american portion of war of austrian succession?
what has happened to private school numbers since 2014?
what are internet pharmacies never called?
how much was the combined wealth of the "10 million dollar millionaires" in 2008?
 what relationship with israel is sadat against?
when did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war ii?
when were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some negative effect on economic development?
what use was suggested for the system 
when rich countries trade with poor countries, whose wages increase?
who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth?
what defined the differences between the arpanet and sita hln and x.25?
there are plenty of experiments that can distinguish whether it is the vehicle that s at rest or what?
how many campuses affiliated with harvard existed in 1977?
what test is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1?
mohammad iqbal was what type of father to the state of pakistan?
what cells do helper b cells assist?
how old is the north sea?
who was appointed as the replacement for duke yansheng kong duanyou?
when are packet mode communications not implemented? 
what can be used to model tension forces?
static friction balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface?
how long is a boudin?
what ended turkish imperial ambitions?
who's will may elite politicians follow according to the government?
where do the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to?
what is the exchange of heat associated with?
how many firms were existing in 2005?
in sept 1760 who negotiated a war from montreal?
what is divided into five classes?
what is an object's mass proportional to at the surface of the earth?
what type of math was advanced during the yuan?
what scientist published "the better angels of our nature" in 2011?
how many lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have?
how didn't celeron feel about native relations?
when was the royal society of edinburgh founded?
how many scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell?
how did the final song emperor die?
in a virtual call system, the hosts have what responsibility?
 when did the jip dynasty end?
which florida city has the biggest population?
what is a hermaphrodite?
what occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction?
how much does it cost yearly to go to a uk university?
what did john paul ii's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage?
where did moncalm slip away to attack, left largely unprotected?
what are cnidarians commonly called?
one strategy of islamization is to seize power by what methods?
 what modern formations do geologists study?
what right do private schools have that public schools don't?
where is it unlikely that the first multicomponent, adaptive immune system arose?
what does the sea monster with an inscription on its claws?
president wilson committed his government to what in 1974?
who pays australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews?
what is one of the least common causes of death in humans?
what kind of cells fail to send out alarm signals?
which artist has a piece of his artwork located at the fulton mall?
what is the largest city of poland?
what is the name of the bungie inc. founder who is also a university graduate?
who was the directer of noah in 2014?
what types of alternatives did cyclades give?
how did the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine?
what year was the university's first president given his position? 
how many posters are in warsaw?
when was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1968?
what do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and euhamphaea veilligera produce only when they change color?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 2?
what are two reasons a student would be able to get a scholarship for a public school?
who is the current ceo and chairmen of goldman sachs?
 what discouraged cultural exchange under the yuan?
what year was the third assessment report published?
ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years?
what was the name of the storm that hit jacksonville in may of 2012?
what percentage of the non-eligible voting population did not vote?
what feature will enrich the the pedestrian friendly environment after restoration?
who inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code?
what us war caused a high amount of civil disobedience?
what did saudi arabia not try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature?
what does the domed head of the tentilla have?
what do astronaughts experience while in free-fall?
where did new briton call home?
what is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13?
how many academic units make up radcliffe?
how does the level of tuition in german private schools compare to private schools in other western european countries?
what is the secondary reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients?
what type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals?
what alternative to arpanet was developed? 
what are there no longer limitations on since 1945?
late published versions were utilized by who?
who led the mongolian borjigin clan?
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth?
what is the density of all wraps compatible with a modulo 9?
if a and q are coprime, which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes?
why not a worldwide network as opposed to simply a uk only network?
what type of prime distribution does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x?
how old was chopin when he moved to wola with his family?
what is the second level of territorial division in warsaw?
what was the purpose of csnet
what will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called?
what is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies?
what does someone diagnosed as a maniac need to decide  when dealing with police?
what organization has continued to be a major disruptive force in palestine?
what can work to even the distribution of wealth?
what was warsaw's first literary cabaret?
how many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them?
what theory least best describes gravity?
what did robert koch prove was the cause of infectious disease?
how many days does the council have to override the mayor's veto?
what is the land area of jacksonville?
who funds the ipcc's deputy secretary?
what racial group has increased since 1970?
what south korean car manufacturer purchased the factor in 1995?
when was the university library closed?
a third of pacific islanders are what ethnicity?
how long has the ongoing tectonic subsidence in the southern north sea been happening for?
what was the white population in 1942 in fresno?
when was the riemann hypothesis proposed?
how many men did duquesne send to kill saint-pierre ?
 what movements did not pursue a more radical direction?
how much of paris' population was killed by the plague?
when did the syrian civil war begin?
do adults or juveniles secretions luminesce brighter?
in what kind of chamber do species in the genus ocryopsis keep their eggs until they hatch?
when was the rhine first discovered?
when were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in warsaw?
who is the costa rican president that went to harvard?
when did the four rightly guided caliphs die?
who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime?
what international data communications network was headquartered in san juan, ca?
what is csnet
what do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface?
what is the oncorhynchus also called?
how many people lived in constantinople in 1701?
what ancient property do geologists study?
what is the process of vaccination also known as?
what is packet switching?
what medical treatment is completely different from acquired immunity?
who demonstrated how to create an infinite number from a mersenne prime?
whose army liberated warsaw in 1806?
what types of diseases are specialty drugs no longer used against?
what territory wasn't ceded to britain?
what could inflammation do during sleep periods?
what does the riding museum boast having from adolf hitler's private collection?
what symbolizes that a partial meeting of parliament is taking place?
in what year were the last classes held in the university?
what is another name for the aboral?
the idea that islam can be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?
what country did the rhine continue to rise during the holocene?
 who governed the northern region in the yuan?
what anthropologists are also university alumni members?
who is an actor and also serial host?
what term is shorthand for antibody generators?
where wasn't war fought?
when did the last glacial end?
what is the force between two locations related to?
what is uncontroled by the market and economy?
what was the goal of this roman disobedience?
what substantial error put the ipcc research in doubt?
what is the circumference of harvard stadium?
when did the high school education movement occur?
what type of professional is a pharmacy technician considered to be?
how many residential dorms house upper class, sophomore, jr, and sr students?
what do the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister about?
what was sadat seeking by releasing islamists from prison?
what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.s. federal health care system?
who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be first minister?
what was invented in 1888 that revolutionized warfare?
 bassett doesn't focus on what to illustrate his idea?
what is complex about the layering of the hawaiian islands?
what are the eight comb rows on the outer surface called?
how man people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wianki festival?
what was report r-2626?
what degree is now mandatory in the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist?
other than 7 and 13, what other year interval do predators pupate?
what are public schools called in germany?
what does  a list of top 250 transportation markets published show?
how much success did this expedition with braddock find?
when did the meuse and waal merge?
what society founded the university of chicago?
which direction does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany?
what kind of human t cells respond to common molecules produced by microbes?
where was france concentraing efforts?
what are construction managers?
orthogonal force vectors can can four-dimensional with what?
the scottish parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers aren't already reserved by where?
who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels?
what did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do?
what list was the soviet union's old town inscribed onto in 1980?
what are the top 4-5% graduating students honored with?
what was one of the countries that had isolated alpine villages?
when was the cretaceous-paleogen extinction occur?
what is one condition that an element p of r must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element?
who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience?
what is seldom considered by those involved with the design and execution of infatructure?
what business was incorporated in 1975?
what types of people were always involved in the court system?
what kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform?
what is the name of the private day school for k-12 students the university runs?
near chur, which direction does the rhine turn? 
when do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill?
sir galileo galilei corrected the previous misunderstandings about what?
what type of regime ruled over sudan for many years?
if an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election, what does it do to the ordinary election?
who is known as the poorest man in all history?
how is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers?
what event was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into the black sea?
what is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves?
51.6% was not in favor of what?
what non-chinese empire did the yuan dynasty succeed?
what is inlaid with gold panned from french rivers?
how much gun powder was destroyed in attack?
how many modern types of algorithm tests for general numbers n are there?
what is the observable effect of w and z boson exchange?
in what year did fresno experience the most rainfall?
what school model is sweden notable for?
what cultures were part of kublai's administration?
what processes occur above the earth?
newton's second law of motion states what?
what happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent decreases, according to imf staff economists? 
what is the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy?
what does quadratic reciprocity seek to achieve?
what astronomer hated kublai?
what does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable?
how much lower did researchers suggest sea levels would be in 2100 as compared to 1990?
 what department did kublai create to bother doctors?
where are many hospital pharmacies located?
what is raghuram rajan's career?
how many people lived in oslo at the start of the plague outbreak in 1654?
how long as the canadian government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism?
where does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the south?
what is the receptor that killer t cells use to bind to specific antigens that are complexed with the mhc class 1 receptor of another cell?
in which journal did five lead ipcc authors call for support of the ipcc?
how long can the cillia grow on ctenophores?
where is the congress hall located?
who named thorne ave?
what type of correlation was used previously to help date rock formations?
what type of civil disobedience is larger scale?
who produced the first geological map of the u.s.?
who was given land by british goovernment for development of ohio country?
what do ephithelial cells fill most of in the nuda?
what are the agents detected by the immune system called?
are there any other aviation communities such as sierra sky park in the united states?
what was the original name of the bankamericard?
how large can ctenophora grow?
what organization was led by hasan al-hudaybi?
who won the ekstraklasa championship in 2000?
 how was kublai's administration running out of money?
optional committees are committees which are set down under what?
when were the shortcomings of aristotle's physics overcome?
which graph was prominently featured in the second assessment report?
who decide to make a very large donation to the university's booth school of business?
what occurs when antibodies will not bind to the patient's cells?
what is one example of unique rational primes?
what do climate models predict will increase by as much as 0.6 degrees c in the next 100 years?
what sport attracts most tourists to jacksonville?
when did the democratic republic of afghanistan collapse?
what is one example of a unique factorization domain?
when did the fresno traction company begin to provide streetcar connections?
what was frensh military presence at start of war?
when is the oldest armed seal of sigilium from?
according to the wealth concentration theory, what disadvantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth?
what effect do technologies and resources generate?
what is the major tributary for the rhine? 
where can a tribute to the fall of warsaw be found?
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no mathematical benefit?
on what date was the record low temperature in fresno?
what was apple talk 
when did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church?
the motto of the muslim brotherhood specifies what as being their constitution?
when did the peace of westphalia last until?
what court case was eventually the result of joseph haas sending and e-mail to the new hampshire city council?
what do photocytes produce?
in what year did samuel k. cohn, jr.  read graham twigg's major work?
who wrote the principles of faunal succession?
who is a nobel prize winning prior novelist?
who took command of french in spring of 1753?
was city has a tropical climate?
where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work?
what did shrewsbury note about the plague?
who is on the ipcc panel?
where is galaxy public school located?
sleep hormones shift the cytokine balance to which cytokine?
what does rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines?
what would henry david thoreau quote to audiences in india?
when was the first known historical reference to immunity?
what caused the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1901?
 when did the il-khanate stop experimenting with paper money?
dial up or dedicated async connections connected who? 
what is another notable university in unesco after the university of warsaw?
after what battle did union forces return to and occupy jacksonville for the rest of the war?
what are bacteria unable to secrete?
what are the small tentacles on cydippids called?
what was the first british empire based on?
what does the lobata have pair of?
how many large public parks does fresno have?
how was the dutch name for the rhine originally spelled? 
where was shirey going to be when fort oswego wasn't to be attacked?
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression?
 when did kublai fail to move the mongol capital?
in what year was marseille founded?
what is the name of the hotel that was renamed the grand 1401? 
was sitting is 874.3 km²?
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of geographers?
what aren't both branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz?
a new theory of what was developed using quantum particles?
what type of algorithm is trial division?
when was the prime number theorem proven?
what power is available to australian private schools but generally not present in public schools?
when did british government give land for development of ohio country?
in antigone, who was the target of civil disobedience?
what kind of diet can salmon provide to other predators?
what may members question the first minister about directly during first minister's question time?
what is the kampinos forest the last remnant of?
when was montreal not captured?
what amendment to the united states constitution governs government funding of religious schools?
a small fraction of the cold water flow from lake constance goes to what other lake?
how can the deposition of compliment kill invader cells directly?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism?
up to what age do students in the united kingdom attend preparatory schools?
by how much did the navy increase the defendant's sentence?
what did guo shoujing do for calendars?
along with the cisce and nenbse, what is a notable examination board in multiple indian states?
which physics were not contradicted by observations and logic?
what party forms the scottish parliament?
as of january 2016 how many primalities does the largest known prime consists of?
zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what?
thoreau argues that usually majority rules but their views collectively are sometimes?
in what year was the kalven report issued?
can a packet be lost and if so, then where does it go?
what did electromagnetic theory  finally lead to?
what did eliot handing out the harvard crimson at a regatta do for the school in 1875?
what was it called when jacksonville's white population moved to the city?
what french general negotiated at montreal?
what is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body's native tissues?
what ethnic group located in jacksonville is ranked tenth largest?
in a market economy, what is inequality a reflection of?
in an open system of particles, there are no internal what?
what has caused oxfam's findings to be questioned?
the 2002 act granted further fiscal devolution including what?
what has a bigger impact on the united states' economy more than trade?
in the great internet mersenne prime search hat was the prize for finding a prime with at least 150,000 digits?
what is gotten rid of after a pathogen has been eliminated?
which famous indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts?
bbn provided financing for what?
microplates squeezing and rotating created the features of what?
what is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction?
how did the mongols acquire japanese printing technology?
when b cells and t cells begin to replicate, what do some of their offspring cells become?
apart from its mathematics and postgraduate schools, what else doe the university run?
what did jacksonville suffer from following world war i?
king sigimund's column is an example of what kind of attraction in warsaw?
when did fulton street become the main financial district?
after braddock died, who controlled south american british forces?
what is gravitational acceleration proportional to?
abilene was a prime investor in what project?
what is a trade magazine for design industry?
what is hawaii made of that has existed since cambrian time?
what were the structures built by the soviets typical of?
 where did france win a war in the 1970's
what's the name of where the rhine branches off near dordrecht?
what leads to confusion and collapse?
which conjecture holds that for any positive integer n, there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n?
what type of ratios are used in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies?
income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a smaller share of it is know to economists by what term?
fielding h. garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to where?
which pharmacists are likely to seek additional education following pharmacy school?
stromatoveris is similair to which genus?
friedrich ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country?
how much did it cost to build harvard stadium?
what is a simple form of civil disobedience?
 what was the spanish title of polo's book?
what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm?
what type of constuction is eivided into private and public buildings?
who is responsible for monitoring climate data?
 when did the age of imperialism end?
which tribes did genghis khan unite?
who had toghtogha tried to defeat?
what would someone who is civilly disobedient do in court?
what percentage of the population of spain died of the plague in the 17th century?
when was rem sleep discovered?
what guarantees a solid cash flow is in place before a project to assure its completion?
why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
what force is part of the modern si system?
why is the theory of evolution so complex?
what follows the same set of mathematical rules than physical quantities?
what process do moderate and reformist islamists not work within the boundaries of?
what conflicts did the ozone mitigation reduce?
what are people from florida sometimes called?
how many native americans were there in 1970?
what force changes an objects direction of travel?
what type of clerk sits behind the presiding officer?
what year was it when st. elizabeth flooded part of the north sea?
what is another word for thinning rocks in french?
how are nuclear forces transmitted?
 what area was kublai trying to capture by defending xiangyang?
what do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague?
how many main interactions are not know?
who had remote terminal access? 
the unique model predicts that exchanged particles are the fundamental means by what?
where might committees meet outside of parliament?
when forces are acting on an extended body, what do you need to account for motion effects?
what was the average family size?
what are cestida called?
why  might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading?
when did warsaw start to rebuild?
when more workers are required, what happens to the job market?
what type of musical instruments did the yuan bring to china?
the snp gave eight seats to the liberal who?
how recently has the homes in fresno been restored?
packets can be delivered via what route? 
 how poorly did the mongol emperors know spoken chinese?
who is currently speaker of the scottish parliament?
how effective was the military use of the "afghan arabs"?
who discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate?
what group's membership does not reflect the balance of parties in parliament?
what isn't a guaranteed quality of service?
what was the plos pathogens paper about?
what electroweak theory has not been developed?
 who has the islamic liberation party never attempted to assassinate?
what religion did the french spread along with their imperialism? 
what is the name of natural dam that connects the rhine valley?
 who had military control during the yuan?
what type of flower is sought on midsummer's eve?
like the university of hyde park, what did shimer college and 10 other schools adopt?
can address information be changed after the set-up phase?
in the shortest building in downtown jacksonville?
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by peace?
what brought the downfall of jacksonville filmmaking?
when was francis aidan gasquet born?
 when did the syrian civil war end?
tymnet consisted of a large private network that supported who?
in what sector are jobs beginning to decrease?
who discovered the compton effect?
what do computers use coal to reconstruct?
in the fall quarter of 2014, how many students signed up for the college?
what type of equilibrium was first described by aristotle?
any even number larger than what cannot be considered distinct?
what does salafism in its harshest form discourage its followers to view the religion of others with?
 where did turabi place students apathetic to his views?
what other terminology is considered much more destructive?
what is the university's winter carnival and concert called?
what does 'pal monqolica' mean?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 1?
how many species of rotifers are yet to be named?
what do the tentacles on plankton do to help them find prey?
what can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface?
george c. walker served as trustee, treasurer and donor of what?
what discouraged trade under the yuan?
what other locations can the booth school of business be found?
low humidity and what lead to jacksonville's storms?
what is the delta delimited in the north by?
what contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers?
what combined with ricing prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace?
where in las vegas did a famous protest take place?
what is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as?
how do the fees at former model c schools compare to those at other schools?
what does low levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries?
to what may general arithmetic questions be transferred to or from?
how does the tuition fee suppliment help high school students?
 what did the conflict galvanize non-muslims around the world to do?
what is the name of another compelling continuation of the fermat primality test?
which is more costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
in which illinois city is the marine biological laboratory located?
what did the ipcc say was mistaken?
what can result in creating a poverty trap?
what is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum?
during what years was william ellery channing president of harvard?
what is the last major bend in the rhine called?
what is cnidaria sometimes categorized as instead of ctenophora?
how was the rhine gorge formed?
what did olivier roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 21st century?
what cells do plants and animals both have?
in what year did fresno become an incorporated city?
what types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician not be responsible for?
which month is the first in the year parliament takes a two week vacation?
who bought the factory in 1925?
where can a tribute to the fall of katyn be found?
who did the kingdom of poland trade with?
what drove residents to quieter suburban housing?
what is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously?
what is another word for xenoliths?
who were potachi?
who was warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the general goverment?
what is warsaw's symbol?
what countries use a red stylized a to signify pharmacy?
in the process of vaccination, what is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity?
 what wasn't the idealized value of imperialism?
how many members are on the warsaw city counil?
which scientists avoided the creation of pharmacology in modern islam?
what is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 
what is higher in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries?
what city, raided by clans and dukes, preceded the founding of boleslaw?
who is the father of sophocles?
how many people did hamas kill between 2000 to 2007?
on what type of exponentiation does the diffie–hellman key exchange depend on?
what can scientists apply relative rock sections to to find isotopes?
where didn't old briton call home?
how long has the imagery of the mermaid been used by sigilium?
the meeting of the what took place on 12 march 1999?
who developed the same technology as baran 
if the average u.s. worker were to complete an additional year of school, what amount of growth would be generated over 5 years?
whose law made rest physically indistinguishable from zero constant velocity?
how much greater were 1990 sea levels than those anticipated in the year 2100?
how long is olive avenue?
educators support educational choice as long as what happens?
in what dynasty did tianze live?
what did the bankamericard allow customers do to that they couldn't do with previous financial instruments?
what was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern china?
what is the name of the european union agency for external border security?
 when did the colonization of india not occur?
hundreds of madrasahs spawned what organization?
what phenomenon has led to criticism?
 who did duke yansheng kong duanyou stay with?
what tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality?
what was austpac
how many households had someone alone under the age of 18?
what properties are analyzed with a conoscopic lens by petrologists? 
who was ogedei's wife?
what does pluton emplacement give after a stratigraphic sequence is measured in minerals?
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism?
what was the population jacksonville city as of 2010?
what kind of mineral crystallizes from erosion?
what do petrologists use electron microprobes in the laboratory for?
what fields of study were advanced during the yuan?
why do police and fire services fall under the purview of the scottish parliament?
how many women older than eighteen are there for every 100 men?
what is the name of the egyptian papyrus that suggests that they may have had knowledge of infinite numbers?
where are ribonucleases not conserved?
where is the data reassembled? 
what force changes an objects speed?
what is another type of private key cryptography algorithm?
who did italy fight during the thirty years war?
what do killer b cells kill?
after its re-opening, which types of movies did the tower theatre show?
what is the mesoglea situated along the underside of?
how fast does septicemic kill most people left untreated?
what determines the temperature profile outside of the crust?
who was the first democratically elected president of egypt?
when imperialism does not impact social norms of a state, what is it called?
who formulated the laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three thousand years?
antibody-dependent hypersensitivity belongs to what class of hypersensitivity?
what does warsaw's mixture of architectural styles reflect?
why is the node requiered to look up 
who did internet2 partner with
what was ban ki-moon not the secretary general of?
how old is a lava flow after it cools?
how many students does the university of chicago have enlisted?
where do ctenophores be found in large numbers?
when was ambulatory care pharmacy rejected as its own certification?
what is the most important problem in the united states and elsewhere?
closing speakers are given between 5 and how many minutes?
which set of countries have higher economic mobility than the united states?
what sorts of items are never displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum?
what type of architecture is the house of the st. john's merchant family a notable example of?
how much of jacksonville is made up of water?
 when did france begin in earnest to build its global empire for the first time?
what is the nervous system protected by?
what was persistent unemployment have a positive effect on?
what doesn't political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power?
how many buildings were razed by the jacksonville fire?
in a type iii secretion system, proteins are transported to the host cell in order to do what?
under the scotland act 1988, ordinary general elections are held when?
what kind of curriculum did public schools focus on for white students?
when was the fresno normal school stated?
what areas did french reject natives from?
how did africa becoming independent change the laws about missionaries coming to africa?
who was lost to the party as washington went on the way?
what do contractors look to ensure during building construction?
what has crime rate been show to be correlated with in a society?
a formal design team may be assembled to do what?
when did rapid warming begin and help vegetation?
what profession does simon kuznets have?
what happens deeper in the earth where brittle deformation occurrs?
what law staes that forces are interactions between bodies?
where did john paul ii celebrate mass in berlin?
what virus did walter reed discover?
what condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1?
what is the age of key beds if they are related to a fault and not cut?
the house of the baryczko merchant family is a notable example of what type of architecture?
what does the flow of the rhine being visible depend on?
what has replaced higher skilled workers in the united states?
when did isil refuse to pledge allegiance to al-qaeda?
what was the worlds first commercial online service?
what decreases rapidly as per capita income increases?
what is the average precipitation rate in july?
what kind of interethnic marriage became uncommon in the jin dynasty?
what part of the innate immune system directly attacks microbes?
who was the director of the american geographical society in 1914?
when did isil pledge allegiance to al-qaeda?
what has been proven is released by ctenophores becaue of their environment?
who defeated montcalm at montreal?
packet switching communication has what kind of bit rate? 
what was organized by local families before the supreme court case went to court?
which theorem would be invalid if the number 15 were considered prime?
when was the royal society of edinburgh formed?
what percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1% of adults?
where does the upper rhine flow through?
what does child well-being in rich countries correlate most to?
how many acres of land is the state house situated on?
what are more complex animals labeled when they have a jelly-like layer?
when did painting activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of?
how long is the netherlands?
very little of the work done by scottish parliament is done where?
what measures the levels of fuel consumption?
what is the understanding of neural and muscle cell types important to our understanding of?
what plea was entered in the case the us v. dougherty?
what will a pharmacist who fails the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called?
the bankamericard could be used across many merchants but could not do what?
what percentage of the population died in the 1625 outbreak of the black death?
what is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed?
what p or was damaged during the 2008 tropical storm fay?
what did vendobionta's descendants become?
what degree is no longer mandatory in the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist?
what cities 340 km from jacksonville?
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 20th century?
when did the cold war begin?
trotsky thought what was not needed for a true russian revolution.
besides the study of prime numbers, what general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics?
the business allowed for private companies to do what 
what ctenophore was accidentally introduced into the black sea?
after the rhine emerges from lake constance, what direction does it flow?
how many muslims came from around the world to fight in afghanistan?
who was the ideologue of the iranian revolution?
how much of a developed countries gdp does manufacturing comprise?
which years did studies find that warming was exceptional?
in the 19th century, the development of quantum mechanics led to what?
what are some of the most well known experiments in patterns of faulting?
what type of arts flourished in the yuan?
where was the first garden located?
what is the edge of the vistula plateau called?
 what was not the capital of the ottoman empire?
what is the study of small sets of proteins?
what was martin parry's role in the ipcc?
what was first battle in 1754?
what rule did some native live under?
how did the black death travel down the silk road?
why was polonia relegated from the country's top flight in 2013?
in what article does it give gleichschaltung the right to create private schools?
what does sacramento mean in spanish?
besides africa, where did germany have imperial interests?
how many vice presidents are in the board of trustees?
what was the government the final judge of?
how long did the fighting last in seven years war?
what is unique about  simultaneous hermaphrodites?
what yields the non original force?
what genus is considered the aunt of vendobionta?
what are ten of the sororities members of?
what century did the germanic vocalism rin come from?
what did decnet phase i become?
 j. a. hobson wanted which races to develop the world?
how did the united states plan to subdue non-imperialistic tendencies?
how many people lived in warsaw in 1939?
what is the largest city in carpathia?
what is the law of thermodynamics associated with closed system heat exchange?
what reasons cause failure of the disobedience with authorities?
what is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain?
in many countries, what kind of pay gap is there?
european imperialism was focused on what?
what happened to radcliffe's graduate schools during wwii?
what does catastrophism believe is still occurring today?
what type of hypersensitivity takes between two and three weeks to develop?
who selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors?
how many epochs are there?
debates about civil disobedience include or exclude what major practice? 
what method does the government use to get their issue heard?
in what year was the first geological map of the u.s. produced?
why do anarchists want to accept punishment?
to what schools did the u of c agree to provide books and supplies free of charge?
what do clinical pharmacists not specialize in?
what three things do you need for manufacturing to happen?
what is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the scottish parliament?
what is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty?
how many americans are richer than more than half of all citizens?
what do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome?
as well as being subtracted, forces can also what?
what are classified as "vintage quantities"?
when can the right to create private schools be taken away in other countries?
why was the protection of private schools implemented in 1992?
where did american troops remain stationed after saddam's defeat?
what did the mongol army throw in their catapults?
when was the heyday of secular arab nationalism?
what water is constantly visible along the entire length of the lake?
the defeat of the arab troops in the six-day war constituted what for the arab muslim world?
what responses protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system?
how many members can voters choose to represent the constituency? 
what dilemma is a good example of perjury?
what did industry do to the rhine until the 1980s?
what type of number did the early greeks consider 1 to be?
what is the name of the organization in charge of running the clubs at the university?
what did stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality?
what is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death?
what dilemma is a good example of moral civil disobedience?
what kind of rock samples are analyzed by an electron microprobe?
the center in paris is located near what river?
how long did the cold war last?
when did tugh temur found his academy?
the kuznets curve says with economic development, inequality will increase after what?
what was the purpose of the suite developed in 1985? 
what is not a problem with internet pharmacies?
when a commission reached a decision, what happened?
how many divisions are required to verify the primality of the number 37?
what did enr compile in 2004?
if you were to take a train west or south out of the city of fresno, which railroad would you take?
what was the bbn monopoly's reaction to roberts?
what are those with lower incomes often unable to manage?
absolute ages had to be converted into what?
what was the ratio of men to women at harvard/radcliffe?
what is a regulatory factor produced by macrophages?
what is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper t cell activation?
how many soldiers were in each tumen?
what kind of populations can be wiped out temporarily by shrimp?
 what ended french imperial ambitions?
what was fresno's population in 2010?
how are incomes distributed in sweden?
anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason?
when was the ability to use fossils to date isotope formations developed?
where did johnson stop?
what types of organizations are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic immobility?
what is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries?
what takes no energy to pack them together?
does packet switching charge a fee when no data is transferred?
what journal was the facts of climate change published in?
what is warsaw's name in the vrisovci language?
 what did al-gama'a al-islamiyya use to not get its way?
how are most city officials elected after the 1960s
roughly how many clubs are ran at the university?
how many sports are played at the athletics facilites?
where is harvard stadium located?
what action by christian bay helps a society tolerate civil disobedience?
how much did the ipcc third assessment report say sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100?
what can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other?
the brotherhood was the only opposition group in egypt able to do what during elections?
what experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system?
why have private schools been in decline since 2014?
most aspects of transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom?
imperialism often divides countries by using which technique?
what are lagerstatten considered to be descendants of?
how old was chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family?
how fast do objects fall on earth?
where was the burial site used for testing located?
who had kublai wanted to succeed him?
who besides the british colonized africa?
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force?
what is the main point of being a conservative and protesting?
 where was the flis formed?
what do people with higher income have less access to?
iran has assisted what type of groups in iraq?
who is the third riches man in america?
under the scotland act of 1988, what would be set up in edinburgh?
who is the developer of the mckinsey concept?
how many types of x.25 networks were there originally 
what must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience?
what kind of auricles do cilia have?
what was the us population in 2010?
according to the riemann hypothesis, all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s?
one country's authority over no others would constitute the original country as what?
in what year did 12 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change?
where was the measurment for the standard gravity on earth taken?
who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber?
what is unique about  a hermaphrodite?
what country has the most illiterate adults in the world?
who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation?
what president of the university transformed it into a modern research university?
what rift system developed in the alpine orogeny?
what planet did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with mercury?
the second minister can deliver what?
what are the three sectors of construction?
in what year did bankamericard change its name?
what car is licensed by the fso car factory and built in egypt?
since 1978 how many courses have students in the ethical reasoning program needed to take?
even in large firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be what?
what do voters reject in 1967
what is the former name of the arthur m. sackler museum?
who calibrated newer studies?
what didn't newton's mechanics affext?
how many general questions are available to opposition leaders?
what role was not respected during the asuka period?
what does indirect civil disobedience protest a law by doing?
what did the transportation law ban?
who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline?
how much rain per year does fresno get on average?
what do four of the fraternities form?
how did fish larvae accidentally get introduced into the two bodies of water?
what does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine?
fresno is the capital of what state?
who increased british military resources in colonies?
iqbal worried that india's mostly hindu population would do what to muslim heritage and culture?
in 1755 what fort did british capture?
what was french military presence at end of war?
what is an important personal decision for civil disobedients?
what type of architecture is the palace of four windows an impressive example of?
what had the number of people living in poland declined to by 1945?
what kind of area do the genus beroe juveniles live in that's different than their parents?
what meteorologist was also apart of the university's faculty?
how much can the sp alter income tax in scotland?
what profession was nathan alterman?
what was plato's approach considered?
what term resulted from dioscorides' book?
in what year was owings contracted to develop a second master plan?
what sate are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a  person inside the vehicle?
what has caused oxfam's findings to not be questioned?
where is bielany forest located?
who didn't led new france reinforcements in 1756?
when did the rhine become borders with francia?
what are the two major thoroughfares of sunnyside?
what did lawrence roberts suggest the system be used for?
what happens when a person's capabilities aer lowered, as it relates to their income?
what subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
who first showed that newton's theory of gravity was not as correct as another theory?
what kind of acedemic results do schools that only accept black children produce?
what weapons were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1879?
 maududi was trained as a lawyer, but chose what religion for himself instead?
what year was casimir pulaski born in warsaw?
when there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what?
what practice do all internet pharmacies avoid?
the idea that islam can't be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?
what cells are used to multiply the abnormal cells?
where did the residents of antioch flee to?
when wasn't a study conducted of swedish counties?
what civilization did the pottery belong to?
how are packets irregularly forwarded? 
what forms of procurement happen within the construction industry?
packet switching speed is determined by what factor? 
what do cydippids use to capture their prey?
 by the late 19th century, which country had the smallest empire ever to exist in the world?
what area in northwestern canada has almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rock?
how many pages was the kalven report statement?
whose former headquarters was the wse located in until 2000?
how many of the richest 400 americans grew up in substantial privilege?
how do competing businesses attract workers?
what contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates?
a large part of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into where?
how are laboratory measurements of forces determined?
what does the bolinopsis generally eat?
who is the 12th prime minister of poland?
how does the scottish parliament scrutinize the people?
who was made governor of samarqand?
what century did the name of the rhine come from?
when did hutton die?
what other role do many pharmacists play?
why has cambridge purchased land in allston?
how does sediment make rock fall?
in cases of shared physical medium how are they delivered 
arpanet played a significant role in what?
who are committees comprised of?
the abnormal force is responsible for the structural integrity of what?
when was the old parliament of scotland convened?
how many divisions of graduate research does the university of higher learning consist of?
what country has low income inequality and low presence of unions?
james hutton published a 2 volume version of his theories in what year?
how many seats does the amphitheatre at woodward park have?
how many days did the u.s. forces participate in the cold war?
in what year did roger rocka's dinner theater & good company players open?
what prohibits atoms from passing through each other?
which outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war?
which ipcc author criticized the tar?
what happens when bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together?
how are pharmacists never regulated?
in 1755 what fort did british surrender?
what do strong labor movement correlate with?
which type of rock cannot be re-melted?
when will enhanced greenhouse effect reach alarming levels?
the west side of fresno is the center of which ethnic community?
when the rhine emerges from lake constance which way does it flow?
what are both branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz?
who was kaidu's grandfather?
the mark of anarchy was written to protest against what?
how many years later was maclure's memoir published after the map?
what will be assured because of the political response to the linear model?
who was ayurbarwada's son?
besides beibniz, what other mathematician proved the validity of euler's little theorem?
in what year did boleslaw become the official capital of the masovian duchy?
what do sonderungsverbot not have when trying to operate without regulation?
when did western governments support fledgling islamists?
what do global firms report on for the construction industry?
antigone was a play made by whom?
what is held ever february at the university?
what is one of the largest music schools in europe?
how were the men who did tasks like those of today's pharmacists viewed in japan in the asuka and nara periods?
 who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 2?
what book was iqbal's seven english lectures published as?
what does the city council divide itself into?
what types of pharmacy functions have never been outsourced?
when did buyantu stop testing potential government employees?
what year was the university of economics established?
what was the percentage of black or african-americans living in the city?
 what religion did the yuan encourage, to support buddhism?
what style were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in?
what denomination operates st joseph's college?
 when did the five rightly guided caliphs die?
what areas do copepods like to live?
what do pharmacy technicians depend on less and less?
what gender is less willing to travel or relocate for work?
what name is used only for larger streams farther to the north?
what were the reasons not to consolidate the government?
what was the purpose of loudoun's troops at fort henry?
what was the building vacated twice to allow for?
where is the american library association located?
what did the rhine help to expand?
how was the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov?
 what interfered with kublai's third invasion of japan?
what did objects in forced motion contain according to the late medieval idea that influence aristotle?
how many of jacksonville's city residents are younger than 18?
in some countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land?
what is the first major bend in the rhine called?
what novel was written by legrande?
who passed out educational leaflets in courtrooms during the vietnam war?
how many access points are in a "multiple access scheme"?
what does high levels of inequality do to growth in rich countries?
albert einstein formulated what law?
what city has the largest inland port in europe?
what academy did tugh temur found?
what put a hierarchical structure in place?
what army did warsaw successfully defend itself against?
how did peace start?
what did missionaries cause to become law in 1996?
what is one work by olivier messiaen?
who threw gold into the rhine, according to legend?
a dollar spent by a rich person is likely to provide what for them?
juvenile and adult  beroe lack what?
what do some people protest against?
when did tamara marry a lawyer?
what is the largest medical school in chopin?
 who founded the ding dynasty?
what nobel prize researchers are former faculty members?
civil disobedience can occur when people speak about a certain topic that is deemed as?
rudyard kipling was an influential spokesman for what?
what is one condition that an element p of $ must satisfy in order to be considered a multiplicative inverse?
what organization did harvard found in 1900?
how must expectations be formed to keep costs down?
in what did the president re-emphasize athletics at the university?
what type of familiy sends their children to preschool?
the innate immune system responds in a generic way, meaning it is what?
what do sponges use their colloblasts to catch?
where do ctenophora live?
who should be concerned with the trend to under state the effects of climate change?
what type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords?
which famous indian practiced civil disobedience?
zoning requirements, environmental impact, budgeting, and logistics are things who should consider?
what did standard & poor recommend to slow economy recovery?
with what body must a pharmacy technician register?
what is the only form kinetic energy can change into?
who did the mongols send to bukhara as administrators?
in what year did china institute english-medium schools?
what is also called the nut force?
decnet stands for what?
funding limitations allowed csnet to be what 
conservative islam classifies non-muslims who follow shia interpretation as what?
what has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the rhine?
who helped pay for the university's first building structure? 
what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes?
when forces are from the presence of differnet objects, what law gives symmetry?
when many people are arrested, what is a common tactic negotiating?
what is one straightforward case of a probabilistic test?
what did gasquet think the plague was?
in what city is rangi ruru girls' school?
what agreement did montcalm and indians have?
what theorem remains valid in unique gaussian primes?
what changes macroscopic closed system energies?
what drugs help t cells respond to signals correctly?
who believed that civil disobedience should only be used against governmental entities?
what was the black death originally blamed on?
who issued the royal proclamation of 1763?
what is the most distinctive feature of cnidarians?
how many species of cestida were found in 1985?
what wasn't the fort that was being built to be named?
what cells help breed cells that are infected with viruses?
was the rand corporation prohibited from disclosing the research to anyone else except for the air force?
when did the university start having a bachelor's degree program in cinema & media studies?
what type of assistance to out of town students is the non-muslim brotherhood known for?
when was warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?
what does factorization of prime ideals approximate?
since when was the rhine part of the areal of hallstatt culture?
how many seats must a political party have to be represented on the parliamentary bureau?
what did not serve as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions?
what did austpac support 
the smaller streams are used for what?
what had the yuan used to print its money before bronze plates?
what actually causes rigidity in matter?
what are key beds younger than?
in what year was the satyagraha massacre?
how are austpac connections made 
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the non-radical ideas of the extremists?
when did hitler order the annihilation of the warsaw ghetto?
along with managing student laboratories, what else does the board of trustees do?
what alumni wrote "the closing of the american mind"?
why were southern chinese ranked lower?
 humans in tropical environments were not considered what?
what level of economic mobility does the u.s. economy have compared to european countries?
what weren't the casualties of battle?
a vertical force pointing northeast can be split into how many forces?
 who described kublai's china to asia?
what is the intergovernmental body under the control of the united states?
who invented the first nuclear reactor?
 nobody has generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what?
what was causing old france to have issues with resupplying?
what rule didn't some native live under?
what do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality?
what do zooplankton usually prey on?
what is st. john's cathedral an example of, stylistically?
what kind of rhythm do the statocysts have?
what provided an incentive to western empires to colonize africa?
why did prussia gain the title of the "phoenix counrty"?
how quickly were christian academies supposed to be segregated?
what doesn't the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of?
when did tamera marry a composer?
what do a and b represent in a rational prime expression?
what has recent testing of kuznets theory with superior data show it to be?
what is it called when the tax rate and base amount decrease simultaneously?
who captured port beausejour?
construction involves the translation of what?
what were x.25 and frame relay used for 
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking less of in the future?
who moved his court from warsaw to krakow in 1596?
unsurprisingly, the mujahideen's victory against the soviets in the 1980s failed to produce what?
what is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find 100 million primes?
when did polonia warsaw win the country's championship prior to 2000?
what was the yuan's persian ally?
what changed the rhine's delta?
what is the newer, more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague?
what began to decline after world war i?
the restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection from what pathogens?
what does a custom or expectation do to affect a building before its built?
who took the throne after kusala's uprising?
what did planes and automobiles have to divide separately?
the loss of edinburgh pentlands really disappointed whom the most?
how many books are endorsed by the american library association?
dutch architect janjaap ruijssenaars's performative architecture 3d-printed building is scheduled to be built when?
what impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners?
what two things does pharmacy informatics bring together?
of warsaw's inhabitants in 1901, what percentage was catholic?
how many items is the zbigniew library home to?
what does rajan feel hasn't created deep financial fault lines?
what type of impact does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth?
what political leaning does the cato institute not have?
the constituent objects only decelerate with respect to what?
what are colloblasts?
what are the components of drug therapy?
what are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours?
 in america what is the most revered skin color?
who decides if a law is moral?
what hurricane had less effect on jacksonville than other cities along the coast?
when is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience?
how large is the allston neighborhood in boston?
what does the node read?
what cells mount a weak response if a pathogen is detected again?
what school was walter camp a captain for the football team?
how do physical experiments explain fluid inclusion data?
tension, compression, and drag are what kind of forces?
at what temperature do weak and electromagnetic forces appear the same?
what is a secondary duty of the gphc?
what may a force on one part of an object affect?
what did biraben say about the plague in europe?
what is one method of achieving perspirational consumption?
by which commission is the university of chicago press accredited?
what term do islamists think should be applied to them?
what did kent-brown do to interrupt a speech by harvard?
where is the hyde park day school located?
what civil rights movement in the us was known for it's disobedience?
what do t cells recognize before antigens have been processed?
what was the civil war against ragibagh also called?
imperialism is most often associated with which sovereignty?
which dynasties' histories were unofficially documented during toghun's reign?
what conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance?
did paul baran develop distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal of monetizing it?
what is one thing ash layers can be used to determine in a crystal lattice?
what museum preserves the memory of the crime?
what does motion along dike swarms maintain?
what does it mean for a disease to be enzootic?
what has replaced lower skilled workers in the united states?
what is the bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace? 
what is not possible to transfer from one person to another artificially?
what religion was shi tianze?
who did the lands belong to in china after the school compromise?
since thoreau was not a well known writer what happened when he was arrested?
what is the natural dam that the rhine flows through?
what rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality?
how long does the process of manufacturing continue?
what is the rhine called in french?
who is able to legislate on issues that are reserved to westminster?
what may be presented to parliament in various ways?
what does a great amount of self-gratification undermine?
in private schools, what language are classes taught in?
what does the owner produce to show how to attain the goals?
in what body of water is the harvard - yale regatta held?
who matters the most for economic growth?
what was the concept of force an integral part of?
what method studies the positions of glaciers and their subsurface?
when did the black death spread into india?
what class of t cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors?
what side of the street will the art pieces be on?
when did li tan lead a revolt?
what is one of the most common occupations in the world?
what is another general concept that applies to elements of general xy?
how many people would die of plague in largely populated cities?
who congratulated the snp while vowing to campaign against their referendum?
what is the name of the property that designates a number as being efficient or not?
the college grants bachelor of science/arts degrees in 50 minors and how many majors?
what is it estimated that about a third of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by?
the committees in scottish parliament are weaker then in other systems why?
where is the home of the sunnyside country club?
who came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight?
what do the former midlothian county buildings face?
what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists not given in the u.s. federal health care system?
what is not needed for adaptive immune responses?
what responds in small numbers to common molecules produced by microbes?
during what time period did income inequality increase in the united states?
who first proved bertrands prime?
who is the president of egypt?
what law justified british imperialism?
who provided a discussion on the concept of time as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology?
what would be lower if there were fewer people?
until 1987, what stance did the muslim brotherhood in iraq take towards israel?
what did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults?
 what status has the brotherhood obtained in the non-islamic world?
what did pharma not sell?
how many applicants does the groton school have each year?
how well did the mongol emperors know chinese?
what person helped establish the school with a donation?
there are other categories for what?
what was the civil disobedience performed at the test site?
what is the area called where one plate subducts under another?
what type of zero distribution is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x?
who was the first warsaw president?
what mountainous region is lake constance by?
what natives were displaced by british takeover in florida?
during what period did the tower theatre re-open?
these five computer sales and service centers are seen as what?
with common construction procurement, what does the main contractor act as?
what seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force?
whose army liberated duchy in 1806?
who are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project?
where does hamas originate?
how could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage?
where is the jazz jamboree hosted?
packet switching contrast with what other principal 
identical particles split into two different classes depending on the formation of what?
what monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the wages of unskilled workers?
what college is jake rosenfield associated with?
in what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time?
why are there more poor people in the united states and europe than china?
what type of treatment do civil disobedients usually receive?
what is the tuititon used for at military academies?
on what lake did troops attack fort willima henry in winter?
what are the hairs on ctenophores called?
what was not considered an important element in scottish national identity?
what was william johnson's sioux name?
when did the chinese famine begin?
how did saint-pierre respond to washington?
by the late 19th century, which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world?
what is the size of the lamont library that gives it a unique distinction?
which job requires that member be under 18?
what ideas motivated channing to remove christianity as dominant in college curriculum?
how many types of cnidarians have been discovered  worldwide?
what are harvard's pell grant reserves?
what caused the us public to condemn the occupation of the philippines?
who introduced plague to europe?
when did the undergraduate program become coeducational?
what impacts distribution of wealth when not evaluating labor?
in what year did harvard win an intercolleiate sailing association national championship?
what don't david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for a living?
how many people died in the outbreak of 1471?
who decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates?
what are boarding schools that teach english called?
what year did robert j. shiller lose an economics nobel prize?
the college grants bachelor of science/arts degrees in 28 majors and how many minors?
where does the lek separate?
where did kublai tear down his administration's strength?
where was the famous artist tamara de maria born?
when was the ability to use radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed?
what does the beroe do when pursuing prey?
a static equilibrium between three sources is a way of doing what?
 when did li tan reject a revolt?
what was there a significant minority of in world war ii?
 how long after a banquet with tugh temur did kusala have a child?
